Car and Drivers rankings are arrived at from the results of our extensive instrumented testing of several hundred vehicles each year and from our expert editors subjective impressions gained in real-world driving. Weve ranked the best luxury vehicles based on roughly 200 data points encompassing acceleration, handling, comfort, cargo space, fuel efficiency, value, and how enjoyable they are to drive. We take rankings seriously because we want you to know everything about the vehicles that youre interested in. For more than 60 years weve been answering the objective questionsHow fast? How quick? How much grip?comprehensively, and with an authority based in experience that our readers have come to rely on. Read on for the full details on how we collect more than 200 data points on the roughly 400 vehicles that we test every year. Our Car Testing Expert Dave Vanderwerp Director, Vehicle Testing Dave VanderWerp has spent more than 20 years in the automotive industry, in varied roles from engineering to product consulting, and now leading Car and Drivers vehicle-testing efforts. What We Test PLUS Dozens of other vehicle attributes that allow us to holistically review and rate a vehicle. A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use including the dispute resolution procedures and have reviewed the Privacy Notice. A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Car and Drivers Into Cars is a new podcast that showcases the intelligence, independence, and irreverence that has made Car and Driver a trusted source for news and reviews since 1955. Hosted by Editor-in-Chief Tony Quiroga and Chief Brand and Content Officer Eddie Alterman, Into Cars delivers unfiltered conversations about the most compelling new vehicles on the road. In this new podcast, we examine the hottest new cars of the year, and, as the name suggests, we bring listeners into the cars to hear the engines revving, the tires squealing, and our candid reactions. After the drive, the hosts step into the studio to talk to the people who designed and built the cars to hear their stories. A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Peter Brocks desire to foil Shelby inadvertently sowed the seeds that would see Datsun emerge as Japans premier performance brand. Arthur Arfons died in 2007 at age 81 Walter Arfons died in 2013 at age 96. Nothing was ever resolved between them. St. Elmo in Indianapolis is older than the Brickyard itself. I had my face fried off by the cocktail sauce, Jimmie Johnson says. I still go back every year. Fifty years after the Turbo shook the sports-car world, hybrid power is ready to redefine the Porsche 911. An electric-powered, 85 percent-scale model of a vintage Bentley is nearly as peculiar and entertaining as driving the original today. Fifty miles of fast sweepers on which a McLaren 750S can maintain ballistic speeds. Oh, and theres one dirt section. In 1987, under the shadow of the Iron Curtain and the prospect of WWIII, the RUF Yellow Bird blew everyones minds. Consider this The Fledgling. Drive everything, and this work of singular genius remains the ultimate ride. A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Editor-at-large Matt Farah compares all the luxury Grand Tourers at PCOTY 2025 and our editors discuss overall favorites and crown a winner. Grand touring cars are suited to double as performance vehicles better than ever before. That means this year, our Performance Car of the Year test had a number of potent GT cars filling the contender spots. After wrapping up track duty at Thunderhill West, editor-at-large Matt Farah took the Aston Martin Vantage, Bentley Continental GT Speed, Maserati GranTurismo Trofeo, and Mercedes-AMG GT 63 out for a head-to-head road comparison to see which takes the cake. To wrap it all up, our senior editorial staff gathered to vote on the overall PCOTY 2025 winner. Stick around through the full video to see who won and how we decided. Let us know in the comments below which car you would want to take home from our PCOTY 2025 test. Tested 2025 Bentley Continental GTC Speed Tested 2025 GMC Sierra EV Denali Tested 2025 Kia Carnival Hybrid 2025 Acura MDX Type S Test Drive The Helderburg Defender Is the Perfect Winter Ride Tested 2025 Hyundai Ioniq 5 XRT Driving a 1973 Datsun 240Z Is All About Process Maserati GT2 Stradale Is Almost Great Tested 2025 Toyota Sequoia 1794 Edition The Cadillac CT5-V Blackwings War with a Shadow Tested 2025 BMW Z4 M40i Handschalter Audi RS E-Tron GT Performance On Ice A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

The 930 Turbo set off Porsches domination of the racetrack and the showroom. Turbo-badged Porsches have been throttle-actuated lumbar support for drivers with money and roads to burn for 50 years. Now Turbo isnt only the original blown 911 but a brand of its own. These days, Porsche sells Turbo versions of its gas-powered SUVs and sedans, as well as its Taycan and Macan electrics, despite the fact that EVs dont have combustion engines let alone turbochargers. But for purists, the only real Porsche Turbo is the one that started it all the 930. Its the one whose image still gets stuck to many teenagers bedroom walls and whose reputation bustled into hedgerows around the globe. This story originally appeared in Volume 26 of Road  Track. This Ice Green Turbo, or Turbo Carrera, as it was known in the U.S., is one of the first 30 ever made. Its tiny like all old 911s, the doors open with that same mechanical click, and you sit so close to the firewall that the windshield wraps around you like an astronauts helmet. But this isnt just an old 911 its the origin of the newest one and arguably Porsches most important car ever. For all its aesthetic and cultural appeal, the 1975 Turbo is often dismissed as a fatter, softer follow-up to the 1973 Carrera RS 2.7, a car built to homologate the species for Porsches European racing exploits and never sold in the United States. But the Turbo was also a homologation special, created so Porsche could compete successfully in the World Championship for Makes beginning in 1976 under new Group 5 rules that demanded racers be based on genuine production cars, not just a handful of prototypes like the old 917. If Porsche hadnt built the 930 for the street, the 935 wouldnt have cleaned up on the track in the second half of the Seventies. It was at the tail end of the previous decade, though, that Porsches turbocharged story began. The RD department had experimented with blown 911 engines as early as 1969, seven years after GM had put its pioneeringthough poorly receivedturbocharged Oldsmobile F-85 Jetfire and Chevrolet Corvair Monza Spyder into production. But it was the Le Manswinning naturally aspirated 917 endurance racers transformation into a turbocharged Can-Am monster with up to 1475 hp in qualifying trim that showed the world the exhaust-driven superchargers racing value. In September 1973, as Mark Donohues Sunoco-liveried 91730 was wrapping up Porsches second straight Can-Am championship, the first 911 Turbo appeared. Hunkered down over fat Fuchs rims, with engorged haunches and a rubber-edged whale-tail rear spoiler, a silver coupe appeared at the Frankfurt motor show, the same event where BMWs 2002 Turbo was making its debut. By the time the production 911 Turbo appeared at Paris a year later, the 930 looked less like another raw Porsche racer. The turbo lettering running across the rear fenders had vanished, the prototypes single-turbo 2.7-liter engine had packed on 300 cc, and lightweight 3.0 RSR-style bumpers had given way to something more substantial that would meet U.S. 5-mph bumper regulations. But thats not all Porsche had been busy with. While developing the 911 road car, engineers had been working on an experimental 911 racer, one that applied lessons learned from the 917 Can-Am program to the brands stalwart rear-engine machine. Imagine if Arnold Schwarzeneggers and Danny DeVitos movie mom hadnt had twins but one baby, and she dressed it in a Martini sleep suit. Thats the Carrera RSR Turbo 2.1beautiful and grotesque at the same time and far removed from any other 1974 911 underneath the mutated skin. The RSR has half-shafts the girth of small tree trunks and coil springs instead of torsion bars. Its fuel tank sits inside the car to prevent dramatic handling changes as the fuel level drops making the rearward weight distribution worse. And its packing a flat-six with a single turbo that enables it to crank out around 493 hp. Thats despite displacement being limited to 2.1 liters in order to stay under the 3.0-liter capacity restriction put in place when the FIAs 1.4-times multiplier penalty for forced-induction engines was applied. In 1974, Porsche tossed the 1819-pound RSR into a few races where its nonhomologated one-off status meant it competed against purpose-built prototypes, including the Matra MS670C and the Gulf GR7. Even factoring in all the modifications, the RSR should have been outclassed, but it got third at the Monza 1000 km and an incredible second overall at Le Mans. Porsches turbocharged-911 trial balloon could not have gone over better. And it just might have snagged first place if its hardworking transmission hadnt lost fifth gear with a few hours to go. Turbo road cars also got by without a fifth gear for the first 13 years of production. The four-speeder in Porsches heritage 930 has the usual fast-but-loose shift action all 911s of the period have. But compared with the five-speed boxes in naturally aspirated 911s, the Turbos ratios are absurdly long. First gear runs to 52 mph, second to 89 mph, and third to a crazy 130 mph, gearing that seems better suited to salt-flat racing than the round-roundy kind. Thats an odd fit for an engine with the kind of on-and-off power delivery designed for street use. But Porsche has given me the key to its museum-display 930 to drive the rural roads near its Stuttgart headquarters, and absurdly tall gearing is a hardship I am willing to bear. Pulling away requires copious clutch slip, and even when youre rolling, theres not the explosive power available that the turbo script on the back leads you to expect. Below 4000 rpm, youre working with an engine that develops almost no boost and is saddled with a limp 6.51 compression ratio to ensure it holds together when the compressor does start spinning. Overhyped? You have to wonder. At 4000 rpm, you stop wondering. The transition is brutal. Forget your experience with modern turbocharged engines, where energy is meted out evenly across the tachometers arc and the torque curve looks like Henry VIIIs dining table. Here, the kick arrives with all the subtlety of a SWAT team, coming in almost two-thirds through the rev range and feeling more like a new car with an aggressive aftermarket tune. Once the 930 is charging, it does not let up, pulling hard toward the 6700-rpm limiter and remaining eerily smooth the whole way. Early 930s like this one made 256 hp at 5500 rpm in Euro trim versus 207 hp for the old 2.7 RS. Smogged for the States, Turbos still developed 234 hp, which compared favorably to the naturally aspirated 911S that, in 1976, made only 157 hp. The torque gains were even more pronounced 166 lb-ft for Americas 911 2.7, 188 lb-ft for the departed 2.7 RS, and a hefty 246 lb-ft at 4500 rpm for the Turbo. Not even the Turbos extra ballast could take the shine off those numbers. Porsches decision to pitch the 930 as a GT rather than an RS-like racer meant power windows and air-conditioning were available, and the wider body shell and track added heft. But its not a lard-ass in its original 3.0 formPorsche asserted a total weight of 2513 pounds. Thats 353 less than the later 3.3-liter version. Piloted by a driver with sufficient skill and mechanical insensitivity, the Turbo could hit 60 mph in a little more than six seconds. Road  Tracks first test, hampered by a slipping clutch, still netted a 6.7-second time. And the long fourth gear would push to 155 mph for those brave enough. And what about the 930s reputation as a spiky thing that wants to throw you off the road backward? Unwarranted, at least at vaguely sane speeds. Like most old 911s, the 930 wants to understeer and more than most, thanks to its staggered tire setup that consists of skinny 18570R-15 Pirelli CN36 rubber up front and 21560s at the rear, the only footwear until the famously low-profile Pirelli P7s became available in early 1976. Depressing the throttle pushes the nose wide, with the usually light and feelsome steering loading up strongly at the limit. The long gearing and turbo lag act as a safety net, usually taking oversteer out of the equation by delaying the kick until the danger has passed. Even when you back off of the gas, which is when old 911s usually bite, the midcorner weight transfer is modest and manageable. But you know in your bones that if it did let go on a fast, wet curve on a track or an autobahn exit ramp, youd have less say over the ensuing proceedings than in a Waymo robotaxi. Turbochargingfree power from otherwise wasted energyseemed like sorcery to mid-Seventies drivers. In 1976, RT called turbo boost some awesome unseen force. The idea spread not only at Porsche, which upgraded the 930 in 1978 to 3.3 liters and 297 hp 253 hp in America and gave the anemic 924 a set of 168-hp 143 hp U.S. turbocharged fangs, but also across the industry. Saab, Renault, GM, and Ford all jumped on forced induction in the Seventies to give small engines big-motor power without big-motor fuel consumption. And motorsport embraced turbocharging in a big way too. Porsches 911 Turboderived 934 and 935 scored wins across the world, and the 936, 956, and 962 endurance cars used blown flat-sixes to amass their own trophy collections. The Weissach engineers also created TAG-branded turbocharged V-6 engines for McLarens championship-winning Eighties F1 racers. Now, 50 years after the first 930, every new internal-combustion-powered Porsche except the GT3 is turbocharged. The shift ought to have sent the Turbo name the way of twin-cam or any other technical advance that lost its marketing value when adopted wholesale. Turbo has cultural resonance beyond Porsche, but its with Porsche that it has its greatest expression not merely as an engine technology but as an idea and aspiration. By modern standards, the 930 feels crude, but its blend of effortless on-boost pace, exaggerated design cues, and daily-driver luxury turned the Turbo into more than a fast, raw 911. Those 930 traits live on in todays Porsche Turbos, regardless of whats under the hood. The Car World Has Always Had Grudges and Rivalries How Radar Detector Tech Keeps Up, Then and Now NASCARs Cup Series Veers Away from Good Racing The Racing World Needs More Fights The Rivalry of the Fastest Brothers on the Planet Automotive Designs Two Paths Diverged The Stories Behind the Longtails of Le Mans The Ballad of Crazy Rocketman This Indy Restaurant Is a Secret Racing Clubhouse Pagani Utopia Has Vision-Blurring Performance A Meyers Manx Is a Weird Fix for Speed Addiction Breaks, Not Bends A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

1. Be respectful and civil to other members, even if you disagree with them. 2. Any unacceptable content including but not limited to posts, user names, or subject lines will be deleted. 3. We do not allow harassing, threatening, racist, abusive, hateful, violent, vulgar, or obscene language or behavior. 4. Participation in, encouragement, or suggestion of any illegal behavior is cause for immediate deletion and suspension of posting privileges, and may be reported to the appropriate authorities. 5. No articles, news reports, or other copyrighted material may be posted without the permission of the relevant copyright owners. 6. Flooding or spamming on the site is not permitted. 7. No commercial solicitation or advertising will be allowed. 8. This is a public discussion forum. Do not post personal or any other identifying information, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc. Also, do not post any personal information about a third party without that persons explicit consent. 9. Please keep in mind that other users may claim expert status legal, medical, etc. that they do not, in fact, possess. We encourage you to use discretion in following their advice. 10. All posted content may be used by Hearst in any and all media, including but not limited to Websites, magazines, and books. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information. How We Test  Review Cars About Road  Track Your Privacy Choices About the Hearst Autos Gear Team A Letter From the Editor The Track Club Founders Exclusive Deals  Offers Advertise Online What to Really Look For in A Test Drive This is What Makes Great Design Make More of the Morning Drive Can Your Car Be Hacked? The 50 Most Delicious Things to Eat In America A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Holding grudges is among the most human things we do. The story of cars is the story of rivalries and spite. We all pick sides. Shirts versus skins. Snake versus Mongoose. Ferrari versus Porsche. And our loyalties shift constantly. This story originally appeared in Volume 27 of Road  Track. Cars are mechanically fascinating, amazingly useful, and occasionally gorgeous. But the best thing about them is that they generate stories. And the one indispensable element for any great story is conflict. When those conflicts elevate to grudges, they make legends. Within the tradition of Western drama, explains Donald Gagnon, PhD, a professor of theater arts and English at Western Connecticut State University, there are three major types of conflict. First, theres person versus person. Its the most identifiable. Its Batman versus Joker. Then theres person versus self, which is Hamlet. To be, or not to be. And the third is person versus environment. That can be The Perfect Storm or social forces like racism. Most drama derives from one or more of those primary forms of conflict. From the day the second automobile was built, the industry has been all about competition and grudges. In the early days, the business was small but full of big egos, and clashes were common. The Dodge brothers, John and Horace, bar-brawled their way across Detroit and built parts for Henry Fords new car company in exchange for 10 percent equity. Before long, the brothers were building their own cars. There is no twilight zone of honesty in business, John Dodge reportedly once said, though its unclear whether he was talking about Henry Ford. A thing is right, or its wrong. Its black, or its white. John and Horace wound up suing Ford after Henry suspended stock dividends to build the River Rouge complex and won a 19,275,385 payout in 1919. Both Dodge brothers fell ill and died in 1920. But Dodge and Ford have been doing battlemuscle cars, pickups, sales dataever since. The Ford-versus-Chevrolet rivalry is the greatest corporate grudge match of all time. Ford charged out of the gate, seemingly unstoppable. But in the Twenties, Chevy toppled Ford to become Americas car brand. Then Henry Ford II guided his family company out of World War II, leading an unprecedented corporate comeback and besting Chevy again in 1955. As Life magazine put it that year The fight between Ford and Chevrolet has given the public a spectacle combining some of the best features of the World Series, a heavyweight championship fight, and a national election. This is another battle that continues today. A grudge inspired an Italian tractor maker named Ferruccio Lamborghini to launch his car company in the mid-Sixties. Ferrari and Lamborghini continue to outdo each other in speed and audacity with every new model they make. Goodyear and Firestone have been going at it for generations in the tire wars of Akron, Ohio. Theres Shell versus Mobil. State Farm versus Progressive. One side is always trying to best the other, and the world is better for it. As for the second kind of conflict, internal struggles, consider Phil Hill, whose competitors called him Hamlet in a helmet. At Ferrari in the late Fifties, the American Hill saw many teammates killed on track. He became haunted and yet driven to win. The writer Pat Jordan called him one of consummate and meticulous skill nurtured by an increasingly heightened and almost paranoid fear of death. Sound like Hamlet? Yep. A huge part of a racers job is to stare down the fear of death, summoning as much speed as possible in any given time and environment. And a huge part of the learning curve is facing that fear. What driver can forget their early days of track racing, squeezing the steering wheel so tightly out of nerves that the blood drains from the knuckles? We are all Hamlets in helmets every time we leave pit lane. Then theres that third kind of conflict man versus environment. This one is easy. Have you driven the Green Hell? Can any environment challenge anyone more than the Nordschleife? Or the Circuit de la Sarthe? Or the Brickyard? Or the quarter-mile dirt track in your hometown? For Road  Track, theres no clearer conflict than the comparison test. As an example, for the June 1970 issue, the staff took four new sports cars on a journey from RTs Newport Beach, California, offices to the Grand Canyon. By driving the four cars under identical conditions a combined total of 5000 miles, the staff explained, weve been able to make an accurate assessment of the practical, functional, and aesthetic qualities of each and to arrive at an overall rating of performance. Surprisingly, that test ended with the editors choosing the Fiat 124 Spider as their favorite over the archaic MG MGB, the unconventional Porsche 914, and the strong but dated Triumph TR6. That probably didnt wildly alter the fate of any entrant or settle any arguments among the brand faithful. But nobody wants to read a story that concludes, Every car would make a fine addition to any garage. Cars inspire feelings and express ambitions in ways other goods such as laundry detergent or lawnmowers cant. When was the last time you got into an argument over a kitchen appliance you dont own or plan to buy? Peace, harmony, and consensus are virtues, but theyre boring. From them emerges a generic existence. Conflict brings turmoil, passion, and change. And, perhaps most important, improvement. It has Ferrari building the SF90 Stradale and Lamborghini responding with the Revuelto. The serial grudge matches between Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost are indelible because we all relate to the emotions that come with a battle for a prize. Team loyalty is a kind of hard thing to justify in the end, Jerry Seinfeld says in one of his best-known routines. You know I love the Giants. But when you think about it, who are the Giants? . . . Every year, its different guys. The teams will move from city to city. Youre rooting for clothes when you get right down to it. I want my teams clothes to beat the clothes from another city. Hes righta lot of our loyalties are arbitrary and irrational. But even Seinfeld isnt immune from having such rooting interests. He, after all, flies the Porsche flag while accumulating one of the worlds greatest collections of the brand. Not Ferraris. Not BMWs. Porsches. He has chosen his side. Picking sides and holding grudges are among the most human things humans do. Without them, were just tree sloths with opposable thumbs. Or lemmings who drive Chevy Malibus at the speed limit to get to the same destination. We need conflict so our livesand our carshave meaning. John Pearley Huffman has been writing about cars since 1990 and is getting okay at it. Besides Road  Track, his work has appeared in Car and Driver, the New York Times and more than 100 automotive publications and websites. A graduate of UC Santa Barbara, he still lives near that campus with his wife and two children. He owns a pair of Toyota Tundras and two dogs. He used to have a Nova and a Camaro. How Revenge Spawned Datsuns Club-Racing Legacy How Radar Detector Tech Keeps Up, Then and Now NASCARs Cup Series Veers Away from Good Racing The Racing World Needs More Fights The Rivalry of the Fastest Brothers on the Planet Automotive Designs Two Paths Diverged The Stories Behind the Longtails of Le Mans Porsche 930 Turbo A Mighty Wind The Ballad of Crazy Rocketman This Indy Restaurant Is a Secret Racing Clubhouse Pagani Utopia Has Vision-Blurring Performance A Meyers Manx Is a Weird Fix for Speed Addiction A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

