Fortunes CHRO Daily newsletter covers the trends, issues, and thought leaders shaping the management of your most precious resourceyour people. Sign up here.  2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

Get the data behind the original and ultimate benchmark of business success Get the data behind the worlds biggest companies ranked by revenue. Get the data behind the Americas top 1000 companies ranked by revenue. EMAIL COUNTRY Please choose an option Δ Backed by rigorous and comprehensive methodology, our data sets are designed to support highly targeted lead generation with C-suite executives, corporate benchmarking, competitive landscape analysis, academic research, and the identification of potential investment opportunitiesboth in the U.S. and globally. Fortune Analytics provides you with the intelligence you need to make data-driven decisions with total confidence. Leveraging nearly 100 years of Fortunes groundbreaking business journalism and rankings, Fortune Analytics products give you a comprehensive understanding of the competitive dynamics of the business landscape. Provided in an easily importable excel spreadsheet with intuitive sort buttons, Fortune Analytics data includes total revenues, profits, assets, stockholders equity, market value, and number of employees. And when you purchase lists with contacts, you get up-to-date contact information for all C-suite executives and other key positions within each listed organization. Dont miss out on the latest research and proprietary data from Fortune Analytics. Sign up for the Fortune Analytics newsletter. Fortune Analytics delivers exclusive research findings on the hottest topics in the business world, along with results from issue-specific surveys conducted with FORTUNE 500 C-suite executives. Subscribe today and get the data behind the trends shaping business. EMAIL COUNTRYPlease choose an option Δ  2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information  FORTUNE is a trademark, registered in the U.S. and other countries, and FORTUNE ANALYTICS is a trademark, of Fortune Media IP Limited.

2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

Catch up on global daily news Dive into compelling long reads Tune into engaging conversations Watch engaging short films Gain insights from experts Curated news, direct to your inbox Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events The death of giving Donors should focus on what works. Much aid currently does not International How criminal innovators are mastering synthetic drugs, AI, the dark web and drones The Americas Bossa nova and samba are out. Funk is in Science  technology Better batteries, cleaner bioplastics and more powerful semiconductors await Ukraines president, Volodymyr Zelensky, said he is fully committed to talks between Ukrainian and American officials in Saudi Arabia next week on ending the war... The new leader of Syria, Ahmed al-Sharaa, called for peace and national unity after days of violent clashes between the security forces and supporters of Bashar al-Assad, the deposed president... Germanys incoming chancellor said he would welcome talks with Britain and France to share their nuclear weapons... Britains government outlined plans to reform the civil service... Donald Trumps resentful, show-me-the-money approach to statecraft is catching on Foreign policy has given the Labour government a purpose, at last Which is the real youyour innie or your outie? The former central banker is the favourite to take over from Justin Trudeau The Intelligence Archive 1945 Donald Trumps first 100 days Plot Twist The president and reality are drifting apart What are the lessons of the 1930s? They must hope levies are never imposed Economic nationalism, our predecessors wrote, is almost an American invention Donald Trump has shattered the principles on which the Western alliance rested, argues the former French president By trying to stop the rift, Europe may hasten it Russia is losing more troops than its opponent. That makes it a strange time for America to force an unequal peace on Ukraine Where an American American cut-off of military aid will hurt most Dateline history quiz Mini crossword Pint-sized news quiz As the Liberals choose a leader, American aggression vaults them into contention Beating trade wars and deflation and boosting science are priorities Narendra Modis government seeks control of thousands of Muslim sites Banning a pro-Russian candidate would anger Americas MAGA crowd Our glass-ceiling index measures the role and influence of women in the workforce Safe-haven demand and solar panels have sent its price soaring Not being American or Chinese may now be a help, not a hindrance And the reasons to try to remain calm First, the party must work out what it stands for His address to Congress showed that Republicans will follow their leader anywhere, and that Democrats dont have one Free-speech groups worry how far he will go Political loyalty appears to be more important than tech skills Whether he was a great painter is a different matter In it she positions herself as an elite Martha Stewart Everyone wins buyers avoid taxes, and auction houses make money The case of Viktor Bout, Russias merchant of death, shows why Ida Emilie Steinmark explores whether it can deliver on its promise Britains leader has found purpose abroad The incoming chancellor signals massive increases in defence and infrastructure spending Without a reprieve, the country will become a failed state Donors should focus on what works. Much aid currently does not To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Catch up on global daily news Dive into compelling long reads Tune into engaging conversations Watch engaging short films Gain insights from experts Curated news, direct to your inbox Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events The celebrated thinker and writer is at her best not in the realm of fiction, but of fact The case of Viktor Bout, Russias merchant of death, shows why Gardening metaphors are out. Other things are very much in The Nobel-prizewinning novelist chronicles shameful episodes in the countrys history A little-remembered gathering might have changed everything, a new book argues Why there is less significance than society would have you believe Hollywood has ditched resistance in favour of toeing the line In it she positions herself as an elite Martha Stewart Which is the real youyour innie or your outie? Ne Zha 2 shows how the mood inside the country is changing Donald Trumps Gaza video offers a taste of what is to come But the clock is ticking on the characters copyright Everyone wins buyers avoid taxes, and auction houses make money There is more to it than meets the eye Customers want instant gratification. Sellers want price control Museums and collectors now want what were once panned as commercial images for their walls Yet, as with others, controversy and talent were part of the same palette A hidden letter offers an insight into disputes between artists and patrons Russian tsars loved it. Now TikTok does, too How is it adapting to changing eating habits? The photographer, cook and food writer died on January 26th, aged 59 Think outside the white plastic box. Here is a carnivores guide to tofu Is it really a healthy alternative to coffee? Not the way Gen Z orders it Social media and the internet are changing how people cook and relate to food Bossa nova and samba are out. Funk is in Hitmakers including Niall Horan, Dua Lipa and Ed Sheeran have released them Ariana Grande and Selena Gomez both appear in Oscar-nominated movies A critical assessment of the Swedish streaming giants musical legacy Six compositions that capture the pleasures and perils of the coldest season Can you guess which is more expensive Broadway or the West End? Culture Five books about historys bloodiest conflict Culture A selection of recent films and television shows, recommended by our correspondents Culture The celebrated thinker and writer is at her best not in the realm of fiction, but of fact Culture Which is the real youyour innie or your outie? Culture The case of Viktor Bout, Russias merchant of death, shows why Culture Everyone wins buyers avoid taxes, and auction houses make money China Ne Zha 2 shows how the mood inside the country is changing Culture In it she positions herself as an elite Martha Stewart Culture Hollywood has ditched resistance in favour of toeing the line Culture Donald Trumps Gaza video offers a taste of what is to come Culture Hitmakers including Niall Horan, Dua Lipa and Ed Sheeran have released them Culture Russian tsars loved it. Now TikTok does, too To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Catch up on global daily news Dive into compelling long reads Tune into engaging conversations Watch engaging short films Gain insights from experts Curated news, direct to your inbox Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events Insider and outsider The former central banker is the favourite to take over from Justin Trudeau Funky Brazil Bossa nova and samba are out. Funk is in Up in arms It presented its arguments to Americas Supreme Court on March 4th Anatomy of a surge As the Liberals choose a leader, American aggression vaults them into contention Poll tracker Justin Trudeaus resignation and Donald Trumps tariffs gave them a boost Bullfighting A blanket prohibition on bullfighting goes into effect in 2027 Ecuadors iron lady Diana Salazar is fighting to halt Ecuadors slide into chaos Border conundrums, again They have been sent to tackle the drugs tradeand placate Donald Trump Crypto problems The Argentines first serious embarrassment as president Paiving the way Im Still Here is as much about the countrys present as its past A dead cow comes alive The countrys shale fields are on track to yield 1m barrels of oil per day by 2030 Slashing the state But consumers now pay some 30 less for Argentinas national drink than they did in 2023 To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events Start a free trial today Place the code in the frame on your smartphone camera Its been a game changer. Espresso gives me critical world updates in a quick 10 minute read. No more, no less. 4.95 15k App Store reviews 4.75 30k Google Play reviews A daily briefing on the days global issues in less time than it takes to enjoy a cup of coffee Catch up with quick reads and insightsupdated daily, Monday to Saturday. Explore in-depth articles from The Economist on the issues most important to you. Easily fit Espresso into your day. Enjoy professionally read audio versions of articles. Place the code in the frame on your smartphone camera 4.95 15k App Store reviews 4.75 30k Google Play reviews To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Catch up on global daily news Dive into compelling long reads Tune into engaging conversations Watch engaging short films Gain insights from experts Curated news, direct to your inbox Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events THERE IS LITTLE reason to cheer the cooling of relations between America and the European Union. But its an ill wind that blows no one any good. In the fast-growing world of artificial intelligence AI, Mistral, a French startup, may be a beneficiary of the transatlantic tempest. This article appeared in the Business section of the print edition under the headline Bright and breezy Discover stories from this section and more in the list of contents Do they really? High protein is the new low calorie And the reasons to try to remain calm Our glass-ceiling index makes gloomy reading They are snapping up staff and sites from ailing firms They must hope levies are never imposed To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

