Research labs benefit if faculty are inclusive of students with disabilities, a group of scholars and students committed to inclusive lab practices write. The community college will support students with intellectual and developmental disabilities with career readiness skills and certification for increased employment opportunities. Creating reasonable accommodations for all students can promote accessibility and student success. Here are six considerations for educators. After eight years of litigation, a federal judge has ordered West Los Angeles College to provide on-campus transportation for two students by the start of the fall semester. The ruling may have broader implications. Research from the Center for Higher Education Policy and Practice identifies six ways to improve accessibility in online education through intentional design principles. Dedicated programs at colleges and universities encourage thriving, belonging and career development for students with disabilities. A UCLA professor whose classroom hosts contentious debates says shell fail any student who records. She says its a matter of academic freedom. But does federal law allow it? Moving beyond the language of deficits and deficiencies and finding strength in difference. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

By Josh Moody You have 5 articles left.Sign up for a free account or log in. A new report finds that 41 million in state appropriations were not properly restricted and in some instances were co-mingled with other funds at Oklahoma State University in violation of state laws and policies, according to an internal audit obtained by media outlets in the state. The auditconducted by an office of the Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical Colleges Board of Regents, which oversees Oklahoma State and other public institutionsfound significant issues in the allocation and management of legislatively appropriated funds at OSU. The report found examples of such funds being transferred improperly, including 11.5 million for aerospace, health and polytechnic programs being directed to the OSU Innovation Foundation instead, without a contractual agreement or approval from regents. As a result, some state appropriated funds were utilized for unauthorized and unrelated purposes, and were not retained in full by OSU, the intended recipient, the audit found. A university spokesperson told the Tulsa World that while the financial decisions and transactions which occurred are concerning, they were isolated and do not impact OSUs overall financial foundation. The audit also called on Oklahoma State to improve financial oversight and transparency. Though the audit did not name former president Kayse Shrum, who resigned abruptly without explanation last month, it indicated the alleged misappropriation happened during her administration. Shrum did not appear to be interviewed as part of the audit, according to a list of individuals who were contacted as part of the investigation into the use of appropriated funds. Just because presidents may not be speaking out, that doesnt mean they arent advocating for the sector and their st See how moving to a centralized assessment process can increase transparency  reduce administrative burden. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

A new publication from Ithaka SR evaluates best practices in identifying and integrating technology into higher education in correctional facilities, weighing security concerns with academic goals. Inside Higher Eds third annual survey of campus chief technology officers shows that while theres enthusiasm for artificial intelligences potential to enhance higher education, most institutions dont have policies that support enterprise-level uses of AI. The university claims the online program manager, now in the process of restructuring through a bankruptcy, long ignored pleas to place students in social work programs. Though not as debilitated as hospitals and airlines, some higher ed institutions canceled classes or went without Wi-Fi. Some experts say its a wake-up call. Adoption has started as employers and students place more value on skills. Meanwhile, plans for free, open-source wallet technology are picking up steam. A company in transition. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

With higher ed facing a hostile political climate, rich colleges should share their wealth with needier institutions, Eric Weinberger writes. Few college leaders think higher ed has responded effectively to the electorates diploma divide or to public trust concerns. What does this mean for the white-hot value debate? A new initiative at the Community College of Vermont provides learners with small grants to assist with immediate needs that threaten their persistence. Transfers increased by 4.5 percent this fall, continuing two straight years of post-pandemic recovery. Recent enrollment trends suggest theres plenty more room to grow. Author John W. Hawthorne calls for adopting a new approach to Christian higher education and staying out of the culture wars. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

Unmasking the persistence of the sacrificial impulse in contemporary society. Will we ever take it? How successful leaders craft narratives that resonate, motivate and inspire action. A conversation on his approach to leadership, partnership and his vision for the companys future. Great art is born not just of individual genius but from the world it reflects. We have entered an era of greater scrutiny and fewer resources in higher education. How might AI enable deans to become more effective and efficient in administering the college? A guest post by U of Michigans James DeVaney. What is the role of community organizing and grassroots movements for social change in American democracy? Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

This quiz is provided by EdWeek Marketing Solutions. Education Week has full editorial control of content. Once you complete the quiz, you can see how your score compares to yours peers, get the correct answers with detailed explanations, and be provided with additional readings and resources on the topic.

Resilience, resourcefulness, and adaptability These three skills are arguably the most indispensable to teachers in 2025. As Education Weeks annual projectThe State of Teachingreveals, Americas teachers are showing stamina and grit amid stagnant levels of student learning and achievement and a rapidly changing educational and political environment. This years projectour second editionis built on an exclusive, nationally representative survey of Americas K-12 teacher workforce by the EdWeek Research Center and on-the-ground reporting in classrooms from EdWeek journalists. Weve expanded the scope of our research in Year 2 to provide deeper insights into teachers attitudes and experiences, including a state-by-state look at teacher morale. But our mission remains the same to enhance the understanding of a critical workforce of 3 million educators through rigorous reporting and analysis of rich data that can inform innovative and effective solutions to empower this essential profession.

Last month, attendees scheduled to present at an upcoming conference on teacher preparation received what some said was a troubling email. The conference organizers wanted them to sign an agreement ensuring that the content of their presentations complied with current federal regulations and executive ordersand giving the organizers permission to change their presentations if reviewers thought their work didnt follow these rules, according to a copy of the contract obtained by Education Week. The agreement, sent to all presenters from organizers of the National Center for Teacher Residencies annual symposium this April, didnt mention diversity, equity, or inclusion by name. But it came on Feb. 19, just days after the U.S. Department of Education circulated a Dear Colleague letter saying that many DEI initiatives violate anti-discrimination law. For Matthew Militello, a professor of educational leadership at East Carolina Universitys College of Education, the request sent a signal NCTR was willing to kowtow to executive orders rather than support its membersmany of them educators working for residency programs that aim to make it easier for teachers from underrepresented backgrounds to enter the profession. Some of these programs have already lost federal funding. Militello pulled out of the symposium rather than sign the agreement, one of at least three presenters to do so. This one incident affects a relatively small part of the teacher-preparation landscape. But it illustrates the broader ripple effects that the Trump administrations attempts to root out DEI are having on efforts to diversify the teaching professiona goal that research suggests would lead to better outcomes for the nations students. The way things are operating now, people dont have a lot of clarity around what they can and cant do, said Amaya Garcia, the director of pre-K-12 research and practice with the Education Policy program at New America, and an expert on grow-your-own educator programs. You dont want to put yourself in that target, she said, referring to NCTR. I can understand why they would be taking this more defensive posturing. After a federal judge issued a preliminary injunction on Feb. 21 barring enforcement of executive orders targeting DEI programs, NCTR sent a follow-up email to presenters, telling them there was no need to sign the agreement. The presenters who rescinded their participation still arent planning to attend. The organization has asked presenters to keep in mind that some attendees may be from states with laws preventing them from attending DEI-focused training, said Kathlene Holmes Campbell, NCTRs CEO. The symposium was scheduled to take place in Chicago, but has since been moved online so that officials from residencies facing federal funding cuts could still attend without spending on travel, Campbell said. The federal climate is having a chilling effect on the priorities and values education organizations are willing to defend, said another presenter at the NCTR symposium, who asked that he not be named. Were seeing it all around the country, what I call an overcorrection from these executive orders. NCTR decided to send the initial request to presenters after working with legal counsel to review potential consequences from recent executive orders, said Campbell. We wanted to make sure that we werent inadvertently putting anyone at risk of losing their federal funds, she said. Teacher residencies make up a small slice of the educator-preparation landscape, but theyve felt outsized disruption from the Trump administrations recent actions. Residency programs allow educator candidates to get hands-on classroom experience while taking coursework toward a teaching certification. Most residencies offer stipends and tuition reduction options, making the programs a viable pathway for career changers, candidates from low-income backgrounds, or anyone else who might struggle to pay for a four-year degree and complete an unpaid student teaching semester. Many programs recruit candidates from underrepresented racial and ethnic backgrounds. Theres this misalignment now between the values that these programs have, in terms of who theyre trying to recruit and give access to, and the values this administration has, said Garcia, from New America. In February, the Education Department canceled millions of dollars in federal grants that supported teacher residencies through the Teacher Quality Partnership program, claiming that they furthered divisive ideologies. On Tuesday, NCTR and the American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education filed a lawsuit challenging the termination of funding through this program, along with the cancellation of grants through two other programs that support educator preparation. Among the canceled grants was 6.7 million in funding for NCTR, of which the organization had spent all but 1.2 million. We dont believe that it was terminated correctly or legally, Campbell said. Over the last year or so, theres been a lot of misunderstandings around what I would call the definitions of diversity, equity, and inclusion. I think we need to clarify what those terms mean, she said. Residencies, Campbell said, are designed to remove financial barriers for aspiring educators to enter the teaching profession, with the goal of building a workforce thats better prepared to meet the needs of every student. I dont think, on a surface level, people would disagree with that, she said. Throughout the back-and-forth over symposium presentations, Campbell maintains that NCTR has never strayed from its mission, which she described as advocating for residency programs because they break down barriers for all, especially those from underserved communities. But some who were slated to present at the conference felt any attempts to restrict their discussion of DEI would be at odds with their work to expand access to the teaching profession. In an email to presenters and conference organizers on Feb. 18, Eric Washington, the diverse and culturally responsive manager at the Massachusetts department of educations Center for Strategic Initiatives, withdrew his and his co-presenters planned presentation, citing limitations placed on speakers regarding the use of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DEI language in discussions. Our proposal to present on the Massachusetts Aspiring Principal Fellowship is firmly rooted in the values of DEI, aiming to increase representation and support for marginalized educators in leadership roles. It is disheartening to witness these vital discussions being limited at a conference that aims to drive educational reform, he wrote. The principal fellowship is a one-year program to develop school leaders who are committed to championing culturally and linguistically sustaining learning communities, equity-driven leadership, and anti-racist practices, according to its website. Washington declined an interview through Jacqueline Reis, a spokesperson for the Massachusetts department of education.

