Like the gentleman he is, he covered me. He didnt look I think. Dimitrios KambourisGettyDave BenettGetty Amanda Seyfried is reflecting on a revealing encounter she had with Glen Powell. The Mean Girls actress recently recalled her unfortunate wardrobe malfunction during the 2023 Critics Choice Awards. My boobs fell out of my dress, Seyfried said in a new interview with PEOPLE. I was wearing this amazing vintage dress. I made my stylist dress up in it before I went just for fun. But the archival Dior look didnt have much structural integrity. It was kind of sewn together and it started truly falling apart, literally falling off of me on the red carpet, Seyfried said, and I think there were even interviews where Im saying its breaking off. Seyfried did indeed say her dress keeps breaking and ripping during a red carpet interview with Access Hollywood the night of the awards. Im just going to take off my dress, she joked. Honestly, its old  its beautiful! Getty Images Seyfrieds dress ultimately disintegrated during a conversation with the Twisters star in the middle of the ceremony. I was talking to Glen Powell in the corner near my table, and we were joking around about something, and I lifted my arms up, and my boobs were just out. My dress fell apart, she recalled. We both screamed, and like the gentleman he is, he covered me. He didnt look I think. None of us were expecting that, but that dress had truly just given up. The actress found herself in another nightmarish scenario later in the evening, when she had to take the stage after her project The Dropout won Best Limited Series and she didnt have an acceptable outfit. I ended up wearing someone elses jacket on stage, she said. Because, well, it wouldve just been my boobs. Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weeklys free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more. Seyfried will have a busy 2025. Shell next star in the crime series Long Bright River, which premieres March 13 on Peacock. Shes also set to lead Ann Lee, a biopic about the Shakers founder from The Brutalist co-writers Mona Fastvold and Brady Corbet, and will star alongside Sydney Sweeney in Paul Feigs upcoming thriller The Housemaid.

Known for hits such as If I Had No Loot, the group reunited for a tour in 2023. Imeh AkpanudosenGetty DWayne Wiggins, one of founders of RB sensation Tony! Toni! Toné!, whose songs included 90s hits If I Had No Loot and Feels Good, has died of bladder cancer on March 7, his family announced Friday. He was 64. With broken hearts, we share with you that our beloved DWayne passed away this morning surrounded by family and loved ones, the Wiggins family said in a statement on the bands official social media accounts. Over the past year, he has been privately and courageously battling bladder cancer. Through this fight, he remained committed and present for his family, his music, his fans and his community. DWaynes life was incomparable, and his music and service impacted millions around the world, including in his hometown of Oakland, Calif. He was a guitarist, producer, composer, philanthropist, mentor and founding member of Tony! Toni! Tone! He was deeply passionate about providing artist development and mentorship to emerging young musicians, helping to shape the early careers of many. The family asked for privacy and thanked fans for their support. Paul NatkinGetty Along with his half-brother Raphael Saadiq and cousin Timothy Christian Riley, Wiggins started Tony! Toni! Toné! in Oakland, Calif., in 1986. By 1988, the group, known for its new jack swing style, released its debut album, Who?. They scored a dozen singles top 10 singles on Billboards RB chart between 1988 and 1996, including It Never Rains in Southern California, Lay Your Head on My Pillow, and Anniversary, which was nominated for a Grammy at the 1993 ceremony. They recorded three more albums together 1990s The Revival, 1993s Sons of Soul, and House of Music in 1996. Nearly a decade later, the group  with Amar Khalil and without Saadiq  was nominated for another Grammy for their appearance on the song Diary, a collaboration with Alicia Keys. The artists worked on their own endeavors after the group disbanded in the late 1990s, which the AP attributed to creative differences, as well as miscommunication, finances, and the pressures of fame. For Wiggins, who also continued to tour with Riley, that meant developing younger artists. He produced and recorded a pre-fame Destinys Child, Zendaya, and H.E.R., according to the outlet. The three original members of Tony! Toni! Toné! reunited for a tour in 2023. While promoting it, Saadiq told Vulture that fans could expect more music from them soon. We definitely gonna do an album after this tour, he said. Were working on it as we speak, in all these rooms.

Deadline is committed to ensuring digital accessibility to the widest possible audience, regardless of ability. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and aim to comply with relevant accessibility standards, including WCAG 2.1 accessibility standards up to level AA. We are devoting resources and implementing technological improvements to continue enhancing the accessibility of our website and mobile apps. We welcome your feedback on the accessibility of Deadline to improve your site experience. Please let us know if you encounter accessibility barriers on Deadline, including any video that is not already captioned E-mail accessibilitypmc.com Postal address Deadline Hollywood, LLC, Attn Accessibility, 11175 Santa Monica Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90025 We will work with you to provide the information you seek through alternative communication methods, if possible. Our accessibility efforts are ongoing to ensure that our website and mobile site are accessible to everyone. Despite our best efforts to ensure accessibility, there may be some limitations. Below is a description of known limitations, and potential solutions. Please contact us if you observe an issue not listed below. Known limitations User generated content, such as comments or forum posts Since this content is created by users it may not include accessibility considerations. Site navigation Our site navigation has not been fully tested with assistive technologies. We are in the process of fully evaluating and testing the ability to navigate our site using assistive technologies, to remediate any issues we find. Please send us an email at accessibilitypmc.com to report any issues you encounter. Older content Content created over a year ago may not work well with assistive technologies. This content may have been created before we had processes in place to ensure best practices such as meaningful alternative descriptions for images. Please send us an email at accessibilitypmc.com to report any issues you encounter. User generated content, such as comments or forum posts Since this content is created by users it may not include accessibility considerations. Site navigation Our site navigation has not been fully tested with assistive technologies. We are in the process of fully evaluating and testing the ability to navigate our site using assistive technologies, to remediate any issues we find. Please send us an email at accessibilitypmc.com to report any issues you encounter. Older content Content created over a year ago may not work well with assistive technologies. This content may have been created before we had processes in place to ensure best practices such as meaningful alternative descriptions for images. Please send us an email at accessibilitypmc.com to report any issues you encounter. Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By Dade Hayes Business Editor Firefighters have managed to knock down wildfires in Westhampton Beach, NY, gateway to the Hamptons on New Yorks Long Island, but dry and windy conditions continue to keep the risk level elevated. New York Gov. Kathy Hochul declared a state of emergency on Saturday after four separate blazes burned about 400 acres in the Pine Barrens along the islands south shore. The flames had been extinguished by Sunday morning, but Suffolk County Fire Coordinator Rudy Sunderman said at a news conference, with officials saying the blaze is 22 contained. Firefighters are working to establish containment lines around the fire to keep it from spreading. Related Stories News New York Gov. Kathy Hochul Will Keep Mayor Eric Adams In Place With Guardrails News Sweeter New York Production Incentives, Including Pot For Indie Film, Get Industry Push Forecasts from the National Weather Service called for sunshine, temperatures in the 40s and wind gusts of up to 30 mph on Sunday. Were concerned because the winds are still blowing, that might spark up again, Suffolk County Executive Ed Romaine said at the news conference. Watch on Deadline Highways and major streets were closed to traffic Saturday as the flames spread. Two commercial structures burned, there were two minor injuries and a military base was evacuated. The cause of the fire is under investigation. More than 80 volunteer fire departments convened to fight the fires, working through the night. About 100 miles east of New York City, the Hamptons is a region made up of small cities like Montauk, East Hampton, Southampton and Sag Harbor. Lined by ocean beaches, the region is known as a summer vacation destination, cultural province and site of mansions owned by business executives and entertainers. While many residents and workers stay in the area year-round, by Memorial Day in May the large summer population makes its presence felt. The Hamptons International Film Festival is an annual draw in the autumn. Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy. Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By Pete Hammond, Glenn Garner, Damon Wise By Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond By Nellie Andreeva, Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond By Pete Hammond Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

NEON Anora Panelists Mark Eydelshteyn Actor Mikey Madison Actor Sean Baker WriterDirectorProducerEditorCasting Director MODERATOR Anthony DAlessandro When youre asking Sean, Maybe dont you mind if I try to do a flip when Im nude? What do you think about it? Any other director will say, Youre crazy Mark. Sean is, What? Of course, lets do it.  Paramount Pictures Better Man Panelists Robbie Williams Actor MODERATOR Antonia Blyth There were many villains in this movie until we legally couldnt have many villains in this movie. Now the only villain in this movie is me. Apple Original Films Blitz Panelists Saoirse Ronan Actor Tim Bevan Producer Steve McQueen WriterDirectorProducer MODERATOR Zac Ntim When I saw this photograph of this child, during research, who was going to be evacuated, I thought seeing it through his eyes could help us revisit the story of the Second World War  through a childs eyes, I thought it could be much more powerfully told. Amazon MGM Studios Challengers Panelists Amy Pascal Producer Josh OConnor Actor Justin Kuritzkes Writer Luca Guadagnino Director Producer MODERATOR Pete Hammond Ill tell you the moment I knew that Luca was the perfect director for this. He had just read the script and we were talking and Luca said, I know next to nothing about tennis but I know a great deal about desire.  Falling Forward Day of the Fight Panelists Jack Huston Producer Michael C. Pitt Actor Nicolette Robinson Actor MODERATOR Matt Grobar Where are the films where we feel things? Its extremely hard for me to watch this film and thats never really happened to me. I hope thats a good thing. Warner Bros. Pictures and Legendary Pictures Dune Part Two Panelists Denis Villeneuve WriterDirectorProducer Jon Spaihts Writer MODERATOR Anthony DAlessandro I dont see this as a trilogy, but yeah, I always felt that itll be a great idea to finish that story, to make sure that the idea is that Frank Herbert, his initial desires, will absolutely be fulfilled. Bleecker Street Hard Truths Panelists Marianne Jean-Baptiste Actor MODERATOR Zac Ntim The initial conversation is usually Should we work together again? I dont know what its going to be about. I dont know what youll be playing in it, but well have a great time.  Territory Pictures Horizon An American Saga Chapter 1 Panelists J. Michael Muro Cinematographer John Debney Composer Kevin Costner WriterDirectorProducer Actor Lisa Lovaas Costume Designer MODERATOR Pete Hammond I dont know how Im going to do it, but Im going to make it and then Im going to make the fourth one. And if you want to say the end at that point, then thats the end. Sony Pictures Classics Im Still Here Panelists Fernanda Torres Actor Walter Salles Director MODERATOR Ryan Fleming It is becoming a kind of cultural, sociological political phenomenon.  And it made me think now that literature, cinema, music, can be incredible instruments against oblivion. NEON Longlegs Panelists Felix Fox Key Special Effects Makeup Artist Kristin Chaar Key Hair Madelaine Hermans Key Makeup Artist MODERATOR Mike Fleming Jr. Oz wanted to make her colorless, like the life was sucked out of her by Longlegs and the satanic experience. There was a lot of powder. Amazon MGM Studios My Old Ass Panelists Maisy Stella Actor Megan Park WriterDirectorExecutive Producer MODERATOR Antonia Blyth I started thinking, If I could go back and appreciate it, could it make it better, or whatever in the moment? Would you want to know that it was the last time you were going to experience something or not? Orion Pictures  Amazon MGM Studios Nickel Boys Panelists Aunjanue Ellis-Taylor Actor Jomo Fray Cinematographer Jeremy Kleiner Producer RaMell Ross WriterDirector MODERATOR Dominic Patten How could we have known that this unbelievable vision would just emerge from this artists mind the way it did to meet the source material and also take it to places we just never could have foreseen? Columbia Pictures Saturday Night Panelists Jason Reitman WriterDirectorProducer Jon Batiste Composer MODERATOR Pete Hammond We started to talk about what the music represents, and it really is the villain in the film. The music is an allegory for the clock, and the clock is the pressure of time. Amazon MGM Studios The Fire Inside Panelists Brian Tyree Henry Actor Harry Yoon Editor Rachel Morrison Director Ryan Destiny Actor MODERATOR Zac Ntim This is an inspirational sports movie until it becomes an inspirational life movie. The heart of it is the life part. Magnolia Pictures Thelma Panelists Josh Margolin WriterDirector June Squibb Actor MODERATOR Dominic Patten The movie became a way to both celebrate her and kind of reckon with those contradictions and those anxieties that I had about her safety and wellbeing, and also her being able to kind of hold onto who she is. Roadside Attractions The Last Showgirl Panelists Gia Coppola Director Pamela Anderson Actor MODERATOR Antonia Blyth I mean, this is the first script I ever read that was a good one. No one was giving me scripts like this.  So I just poured everything I could into it because I thought, What if this is the only film I ever get to do?  Sony Pictures Classics The Outrun Panelists Saoirse Ronan Actor MODERATOR Antonia Blyth Id be lying if I said I came away from this experience being all forgiving and everything is fine. Its not. Its an ongoing journey. GVN Releasing The Performance Panelists Jeremy Piven Actor Producer Joshua Salzberg Writer Executive Producer Shira Piven WriterDirector MODERATOR Anthony DAlessandro Actors are very delusional  thats our superpower  and I read this role and immediately thought it would be incredible to play this. Sony Pictures Classics The Room Next Door Panelists Julianne Moore Actor Tilda Swinton Actor Pedro Almodóvar WriterDirector MODERATOR Pete Hammond I think hes always in that feminine point of view. Like I said, he honors that world. You feel very, very seen as an actor when you work with Pedro. DreamWorks Animation The Wild Robot Panelists Chris Sanders WriterDirector Kris Bowers Composer Lupita Nyongo Actor Mark Hamill Actor MODERATOR Zac Ntim One thing I love about animation is it makes every actor a character actor because they cast with their ears, not their eyes. So youre going to be able to play parts youd never get if you were on camera. Amazon MGM Studios Unstoppable Panelists Anthony Robles ProducerFilm Subject Jharrel Jerome Actor Judy Robles Film Subject William Goldenberg Director MODERATOR Justin Kroll Youve got to say, Okay, this is what I can do. This is what Im blessed with. These are my opportunities. And you move forward.And thats what unstoppable is Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By Mike Fleming Jr By Mike Fleming Jr By Ryan Fleming By Ryan Fleming By Pete Hammond, Glenn Garner, Damon Wise By Caroline Frost By Matthew Carey By Caroline Frost By Jill Goldsmith By Glenn Garner By Anthony DAlessandro By Pete Hammond By Glenn Garner Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

The former Hüsker Dü frontman reflects on the election and lessons he learned from indie rock and pro wrestling In his new memoir, the J. Geils Band frontman tells a wild tale of recording with Franklin in his never-a-dull-moment life 75 Years of Atlantic Records looks back at the storied labels history through 691 pages of beautiful photos In a largely unpublished conversation, the singer and rock showman who died this week recalls the early days of the band that launched him The North Carolina collective Nest of Singing Birds have been performing centuries-old mountain songs to raise climate crisis awareness and preserve a cultural tradition Mellifluous vocalist scored hits with The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face and Killing Me Softly With His Song What it was like to see John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd perform live as the Blues Brothers in 1978 Artists booked to perform at the venue are grappling with canceling shows. Some, like Chris Pierce, are carrying on Im going to do what I can do and raise my voice The movie has brought new fans to Dylans music, in ways both expected and unexpected The history of the disco band is littered with lineup changes, legal issues, and music-vibe shifts, but its the association with Trump that brought the most drama We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

Once again, everythings put on hold to focus on a side character  in this case, Patricia Arquettes ex-Lumon zealot. The question is Why? Trouble is inching ever closer for Rick, Chelsea, Gaitok, Tim Ratliff, and Belinda A free-form flashback episode fills in the gaps to what happened to Gemma a.k.a. Ms. Casey  and showcases a standout performance from Dichen Lachman Laurie and Jaclyn gossip behind each others backs, Greg cant escape Belindas memory, and Rick is out for revenge In which we get an innie-outie love triangle, a complicated love pentagon, and whatever geometric shape you can use to describe whats going on with Mark and Helly Once again, everythings put on hold to focus on a side character  in this case, Patricia Arquettes ex-Lumon zealot. The question is Why? Trouble is inching ever closer for Rick, Chelsea, Gaitok, Tim Ratliff, and Belinda A free-form flashback episode fills in the gaps to what happened to Gemma a.k.a. Ms. Casey  and showcases a standout performance from Dichen Lachman Laurie and Jaclyn gossip behind each others backs, Greg cant escape Belindas memory, and Rick is out for revenge In which we get an innie-outie love triangle, a complicated love pentagon, and whatever geometric shape you can use to describe whats going on with Mark and Helly Welcome to this seasons mystery another dead body, another wacko rich family, and more contrasting lifestyles of the haves and have nots. Oh, and monkeys The team says goodbye to a colleague in the most awkward, Severance-y manner imaginable, in an episode that bites off more than it can chew The show drops what may be the highlight of its already outstanding second season an innie field trip to the outside world Mark and Helly meet the team of severed employees who care for Lumons four-legged friends, Dylan meets his outies wife, and Milchick meets his own unsettling image Episode 2 sees the dramatic departure of Cobelvig, while Helena relives Hellys kiss We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

75 Years of Atlantic Records looks back at the storied labels history through 691 pages of beautiful photos Jesse Welles, whose spartan protest songs about war, healthcare, and capitalism have gone viral, performed a pair of shows in New York on Feb. 21 in support of his new album, Middle. Musics A-list artists bring plenty of drama to the Grammys 2025 red carpet If you want to see Timothée Chalamet portray Bob Dylan in a performance that will likely earn him an Oscar nod, head to your local multiplex and see A Complete Unknown. But if you want to see images of the actual Dylan through the lens of some of the greatest photographers in rock history, head  In less than 24 hours, a string of fires have ravaged Southern California, destroying countless homes and forcing thousands to evacuate. As of publication, the fires have caused two fatalities and turned more than 1,000 homes, businesses, and other structures to ash. The first blaze erupted in the Pacific Palisades, a coastal area west of  See all the glamorous, bold, and fashion-forward styles from the 2025 Golden Globes red carpet Rolling Stones photographers take you behind-the-scenes and to the front row to see the biggest artists of 2024 up close. Here are our favorite pictures of the year See photos of Katy Perry, Shaboozey, Benson Boone, Twenty One Pilots and more onstage and behind-the-scenes at iHeartRadios Jingle Ball 2024 We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

By Jack Crosbie T here are two men bleeding in a chain-link cage in front of the next president of the United States. A week and a half ago, Donald Trump was elected for his second term, and now he is back home at the center of the world, underneath the lights at Madison Square Garden, watching the greatest gladiators of our time fight in a canvas-and-steel octagon. For the past four rounds, Charles Oliveira, a tall Brazilian with blinding white teeth and icy bleached hair to match, has been beating the absolute shit out of Michael Chandler, a short American wrestler who fights with a kind of manic joy that often works against him. Case in point Early in the fifth and final round, Chandler finally connects with a right hook right on the side of Oliveiras jaw that sounds like slapping the flat of a shovel into wet earth. Oliveira staggers, and Chandler blitzes forward, arms and eyes wide, looking for the kill, but then slips and falls over. They end up on the ground instead, Chandler on top, pounding at the back of Oliveiras head brutal, dangerous strikes that are illegal in the universal rules of mixed martial arts but not called by the referee. In MMA, almost all of the human bodys weapons are allowed, and a scarce few  headbutts, biting, eye-gouging, and the aforementioned blows directly to the back of the skull  are banned. You can punch, knee, kick, and elbow. Bend your arm and feel for the little knob of bone beneath the skin at the tip of your elbow. At the right angle and speed, it will cut like a scalpel. On the ground, theres a war of grappling, chokes, and limb breaks, and Oliveira is one of the best to ever fight it. Late in the fifth round, Oliveira latches onto Chandlers back, squeezing him with all four limbs. Instead of going limp, Chandler stands up, taking Oliveira with him like a 155-pound backpack, and waddles to the center of the ring. Fuck it! he says, launching himself backward into the air and crashing down, crushing Oliveira to the mat, which booms like a giant drum. Chandlers mouth guard is painted with an American flag. He does this slam, impossibly, twice. Oliveira does not let go. The fight ends. Oliveira wins, a unanimous decision, but Chandler is triumphant in defeat. Madison Square Garden, are you not entertained? he shouts. From across the cage, I see Trump smile. Editors picks The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time The story of how a president of the United States wound up cage-side in Madison Square Garden that night is also the story of MMA, a sport that over the past 30 years has gone from being a late-night cable TV sideshow to a new American pastime. MMA is street fighting distilled into sport, practiced by professional athletes who have tuned every cell of their body for violence. As it happens, thats something a whole lot of people want to watch. Depending on whom you ask, MMA is the third-largest sport in the world, behind only basketball and soccer, with anywhere from 300 million to 600 million fans worldwide. Some 60 percent of those fans, according to the statistics website Cagewalks.com, are people mostly men between the ages of 25 and 44, a demographic that is highly prized by advertisers and that also, perhaps not coincidentally, has gotten mashed in the face by the ass end of the American political system for the better part of 20 years. THIS IS THE ROUGHEST SPORT IVE EVER SEEN, TRUMP SAYS, AND I LIKE IT. The Ultimate Fighting Championship, a 31-year-old company that dominates the sport globally, is one of the most profitable properties of the Endeavor Group, an American conglomerate of talent management and media companies that earned around 6 billion in revenue last year. The UFC is the gold standard of the sport, valued at some 12 billion on its own. There are other companies, which the fight world refers to as promotions  the Professional Fighters League, Bellator MMA, Cage Warriors, and the Asia-dominant One Championship  but if you want to be a star in MMA, it has to happen in the UFC. And it wont happen without Dana White. White has effectively run the UFC since 2001. Under his tenure, the UFC has become synonymous with MMA and served as the driving force behind the sports transformation into a global sensation. Whites more than 25-year devotion to the sport and making money from it has made him its principal god, his authority largely unchecked by investors and fighters alike. The UFCs rise and current dominance have paralleled that of a new political movement centered, similarly, on one man Trump. It should come as little surprise, then, that White and Trump are close friends, their lives intertwined for decades by politics and business, their outlooks on the world united by a fixation on loyalty and a ruthless intolerance of opposition. In 2001, Trump was a famous but bankruptcy-plagued developer and casino owner, riding high on a powerful personal brand. At the time, the UFCs most recognizable figure was its lead commentator, a stand-up comedian and reality-TV host named Joe Rogan. Im like the middleman in this relationship, White tells me. Im very close to Rogan and loyal to Rogan, and Rogan is very close and loyal to me and then Im very close to Trump and very loyal to Trump, and Trump is loyal to me. And were all connected by this UFC thing. What drew those three men together, above all else, was the belief that a little-known, barely regulated blood sport could tap into Americas latent appetite for violence and catharsis. Two decades later, theyve been proved right, and their gamble has put all three at the direct center of one of the most extreme political realignments the country has seen in a century. If you want to understand Trumps America, you have to understand the UFC. I meet White for the first time in early September. We eat lunch in a private dining room attached to the restaurant in the Peninsula hotel in Manhattan, where White stays when hes in New York. He runs late to the interview because hes been downstairs buying a watch at the Rolex store for a longtime associate, a gift for his service and loyalty over decades. He orders a strip steak medium well, asparagus, and a Cobb salad chopped and tossed with both ranch and blue cheese dressing. He brings his own drink, some blue electrolyte mix that he pours out of a glass Voss water bottle into a plastic cup emblazoned with Power Slap branding. Power Slap is Whites latest venture, a slap fighting promotion in which fighters slap each other in the face, usually until one is knocked out. Fortunately, Im not there to talk about Power Slap, and White happily launches into the story of the UFC. Here it is, in short Its the late Nineties, early 2000s. White, a boxing-fitness coach who claims he was run out of his native Boston by Whitey Bulger and the mob, is living in Las Vegas, palling around with a pair of casino-magnate brothers, Lorenzo and Frank Fertitta. Eventually, White and the Fertittas get addicted to grappling  Brazilian jujitsu, one of the bases of modern MMA  by training with former UFC fighter John Lewis and trying to kill each other down in the gym at Fertitta Enterprises three or four times a week, White says. Through Lewis, White starts managing some of the fledgling UFCs fighters. I got into this huge contract dispute with Bob Meyrowitz  the old owner  and one day he fucking flipped out on me and just started saying, There is no more money. I dont even know if I can put on my next event,  White says. And after we hung up the phone, I was like, Holy shit. I called Lorenzo and I said, I just got off the phone with the owner of the UFC, and I think theyre going bankrupt. I think theyre done. I think we could buy the company.  The Fertittas bought the company two months later for a price of 2 million. By January 2001, White was installed as president and CEO, with a stake in the company as a finders fee. At the time, the UFC had nothing, and White was faced with rebuilding the organization essentially from scratch. Fortunately, he had two dedicated allies Rogan and Trump. White and Rogan, who had been calling fights for the UFC as a side gig since 97, went on a nationwide media blitz. What you guys boxing fans dont understand is your sport is getting swallowed, Rogan yelled at boxing promoter Lou DiBella on an early TV spot with ESPN. Its getting swallowed by a greater, more efficient, more spectacular sport. The famous people that you have right now are the only famous people who are going to exist in the future for boxing  the guys that were already famous before UFC came along. There will be no new ones. They will all go to MMA. Boxing, it should be said, still exists, but these days a casual fan is more likely to see a YouTuber fight a has-been than an actual title fight. Rogan called his shot well, and Trump, as White tells me, also saw the sport for what it could be. Trump has always known what will play well on TV. Nobody wanted to give him arenas because they said its a rough sport  a little rough, Trump said at his election-night victory party last year, telling the story of their meeting before ushering White onstage to speak. I said, This is the roughest sport Ive ever seen, and I began to like it. White tells me Trump got it. Think about where the Trump brand was and where the UFC brand was. Not only did he get it  he also showed up for both events. He was there for the first prelim of the night, and he stayed through the main event. At the time, MMA was seen as a bloody sideshow  human cockfighting, per then-Sen. John McCain  and was being heavily regulated out of existence in many states. But Trump saw something in the sport  or in White  and allowed the CEO to host his first two UFC events at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. White had an aggressive business plan, restarting home-video releases of the shows and doubling down on live events. Boxing would do Atlantic City, Vegas, and sometimes New York and L.A. They didnt travel around to all these different states and small towns and big cities, White says at the Peninsula, as he polishes off his steak. We literally went everywhere with the UFC. We got the live event so dialed in, and so good  even in the early days, when it wasnt at the level that it is now  nobody had ever seen anything like that. You never walked out of a live UFC event and said, Yeah, I dont ever want to come to one of these again.  The next day, I fly to Las Vegas, where White prepares for one of his biggest live events yet. The confusingly named Riyadh Season Noche UFC is a partly Saudi-sponsored blowout celebrating Mexican independence and culture in Vegas absurdly futuristic Sphere amphitheater. White picked the venue after Tom Brady took him to see U2 play there. Its the first MMA fight at the Sphere, and, all together, its costing the UFC upward of 20 million. I meet White at the UFCs corporate headquarters in a sparse industrial district southwest of the Strip. White strolls into the lobby, which has a bank of TVs playing Judge Judy and ESPN above a wall full of broadcast awards. White is bald, a few inches short of six feet, and built like a small fridge thick neck, broad shoulders, biceps straining at the short sleeves of his polo shirt, and the rolling gait of guys who are intimately familiar with the concept of leg day. The UFC aims to build on the success of last years Noche UFC, tapping into its passionate Latin American fan base with a fight card the term for the list of matchups at a single event made up mostly of Mexican and Central American fighters. Still, its a risk  the experimental venue and budget throw a wrench in the companys polished live-event process. The production we have now has taken 25 years to dial in and get right where we want it. I believe its perfect, White says. But this week is different. We dont know whats going to happen. Is this a good idea? Well know Saturday night. But I wanted to attempt it, and I wanted to be first, and here we are. The buildup to Noche UFC is as big as it gets. The main draw is the hyped-up bantamweight championship between Georgian wrestler Merab Dvalishvili and the current belt holder, Suga Sean OMalley, a rainbow-haired, lanky knockout artist. For months before this fight, theyve taunted each other online to drum up hype Dvalishvili has a shockingly good OMalley lookalike on hand to be the butt of his Instagram skits, for instance. The official press conference takes place on a stage erected in the Spheres baking-hot parking lot, adjacent to a fan experience area where hordes of young men in Suga basketball jerseys and free, bright-pink Happy Dad seltzer trucker hats mill around. When OMalley takes the stage, his basketball-jersey boys go absolutely feral screaming at Dvalishvili, jeering at the Georgian fans in the crowd. In person, OMalley is quiet and thoughtful He Dvalishvili is good. Hes great. Hes as good as he says he is, OMalley tells me before the press conference. I just believe Im better. At the parking lot fan experience, I meet a group of Latino twentysomethings from the Pacific Northwest in line to hit a punch-power machine. Theyre UFC die-hards, but the parking lot is as close as theyll get to the main event. We bought flights to Vegas as soon as Noche was announced, one tells me. Only later did they realize that tickets to the event  which started at more than 2,000  would be way out of their budget. They plan to watch the fight from one of the many bars on the Strip. Finally, its fight night. The octagon sits in the center of the Spheres stage, with amphitheater seating stretching high up into the dome on one side and a gargantuan, LED-display screen enveloping the other. When the main card starts, the Sphere itself steals the show. After each fight, a film tells a history steamy Aztec jungles, pueblas and markets, scenes of battle and revolution, all building toward a futuristic cityscape meant to show what Mexico could become. I begin to understand where the 20 million went. All this, for a sport that started in 1993 with a fight between a 200-pound Dutch kickboxer and a 400-pound Hawaiian sumo wrestler in an outdated hockey arena in Denver the sumo wrestler lost. Dvalishvili walks out to a thumping Georgian folk song and then enters the cage to Por Mi México, by Lefty SM. The Sphere projects a four-story hologram of him over the domed screen. OMalley follows, walking out to Superstar, by Lupe Fiasco. The crowd goes nuts, chanting Su-ga! Su-ga! Su-ga! The cage closes, the fight begins. OMalley is a striker Tall and graceful, he dances on his feet with darting punches and whipping kicks. But tonight, he looks slow. Dvalishvili is not a subtle fighter. Hes small and fast and very, very strong. Before OMalley can establish a rhythm, Dvalishvili is on him. Overhand right, takedown, back control, side control, smashing OMalleys face into the mat and his body into the cage and sapping his energy and will. In each of the five rounds, when OMalley starts to show even a spark of his usual creativity and threat, Dvalishvili stuffs him. The Suga-jerseyed fans in the crowd are silent or booing. The Georgians are ascendant. They get louder and louder until Dvalishvili is crowned the new champion by the judges unanimous decision. Its not, perhaps, the most cinematic ending for the UFC OMalley is one of its biggest stars, and his horde of merch- and ticket-buying fans just watched him get his face shoved into the canvas for 25 minutes straight. In the post-fight press conference, well after midnight, White tells it straight. You can put on 20 million of production, but you cant control the fights, he says. I cannot let that drive me crazy. White doesnt control what happens in the cage, but before a referee yells Fight, he is essentially the only voice that matters. When I got to Vegas five days before the Sphere fight, I went to the UFC Apex, a satellite building near the main headquarters where a massive, balding kickboxer beat the snot out of a much smaller-looking Japanese striker. The fight was one of several White attends almost every Tuesday night as part of his televised Contender Series, a sort of UFC tryout circuit that functions like a bloody episode of The Apprentice. In the cage at the Apex, a Tunisian Dutch kickboxer named Yousri Belgaroui used his range and length to great effect long, snapping punches that his opponent, Taiga Iwasaki, couldnt seem to get through to close the distance. Belgaroui was also eye-poking the shit out of Iwasaki, prompting the referee to deduct a point. Cage-side, White frowned. Belgaroui is six feet five but competes at middleweight, the UFCs 185-pound division, which means he towers over most opponents. He should be making short work of this guy or else picking on someone his own size. In the third round, he opted for the former, throwing a leaping knee that connected hard with Iwasakis jaw and sent him backpedaling frantically. Belgaroui chased him before stabbing a straight right punch into his gut. Iwasaki crumpled as Belgaroui fired a few more sloppy strikes that glanced off the top of his head. The boss was not pleased. Usually, if a fighter wins a Contender Series fight, theyll get their first real UFC contract, but its not always cut-and-dry White hams up the drama, proclaiming that he is interested or not interested in each fighter at a press conference following the fights. When Belgarouis name comes up, he gets the latter. He was an 11-to-1 favorite against a guy who took a fight on short notice. Hes a six-foot-five middleweight, White says into a microphone. Instead of closing his hands and using them to keep him off him or to finish him, he poked him in the eyes. He did not impress me tonight. Im not interested. Belgarouis face falls. He won, but it wasnt enough. I dont know what will happen next to Belgaroui. Hes a seasoned fighter  8-3 as a pro in MMA, with a 27-7 record against high-level kickboxing competition before he made the jump to the cage. But without the UFC, your options are limited. That fact is even more brutal when you realize what it takes to even get that shot on the Contender Series. All around the country, fighters sweat, puke, and bleed their way through an endless grind of high-impact training for the slim chance of getting a shot at real money. The UFC, ONE, the PFL, and Bellator can offer contracts that, with sponsorships and social media endorsements, can amount to something like a living wage say, three fights a year at mid five-figures per, plus money on the side through the social marketing. The biggest fighters make hundreds of thousands if not millions per fight, but theyre outliers. Everyone else, for the most part, is just like you and me working a day job, making ends meet. But when their day job is over, MMAs up-and-comers go right back to work in the gym. To know what this is like, you need to understand what it feels like to get hit in the face. The pain is easy to imagine a sharp jolt as your brain rattles inside your skull. Your eyes well up with tears, and you both smell and taste copper at the back of your nose and throat. It hurts, yes, but theres also an immediate sense of disgrace. It makes you angry and afraid and ashamed  another person has hit you and you couldnt stop them. A punch steals your pride and your confidence, and if you get hit with enough of them, theyll even take your sanity. Getting hit hard feels awful. To do it to someone else, however, is one of the greatest feelings in the world. At any amateur or low-level professional MMA competition in America  of which there are dozens, if not hundreds  you can see people experiencing both sides of this equation in real time. A few weeks after returning to New York from Vegas, I take the train out to a nightclub in Queens called Amazura, which hosts a local promotion called Flex Fight Series. Local fight cards are often a mix of kickboxing and MMA matches with both professional and amateur fights on the ticket. There are generally two types of fighters in these brawls the kind who get in  and push harder  when theyre hit in the face, and those who get out. The former, in most cases, make better fighters. I have fought just enough to know that I am the latter. Nobody likes getting hit in the face, but as the night at Amazura gets longer, more and more of the fighters in the ring seem like get in guys. Midway through the card, I head upstairs to the clubs steamy VIP room, which has been repurposed into the fighters warm-up area. The place is filled with wiry fighters reeking of Tiger Balm and sweat. Theres a guy jumping rope in the corner while another hits pads with his coach. The bar area has been taken over by the glove guy, who hands fighters the appropriate gear  boxing gloves for kickboxing, fingerless four-ounce gloves for MMA. I strike up a conversation with Elias Aminov, who is 23 years old, six feet one, 170 pounds, and 4-0 in amateur competition. All four of his previous fights ended in the first round, three by way of forcing a fast tap-out through chokes also known as a submission and one by technical knockout. Tonight, Aminov is fighting for his first belt  the Flex Fight Series amateur welterweight title. His opponent, Randy Mendez, is shorter and stronger, and comes out fast, catching Aminov with a jab. Mendez gets a takedown but loses position. In the second round, Mendez connects with a hard right and drops Aminov to the mat, but Aminov recovers quickly, nearly ripping through Mendezs elbow joint with an armbar. In the third, Aminov almost gets a leg lock, but Mendezs shin is so slippery with sweat and blood, he cant finish it. Amateur fights are quick three three-minute rounds. Aminov wins in a controversial split decision. A few weeks later, I drop by Aminovs gym in midtown Manhattan, a two-story studio with sweat-fogged windows and a full octagon for sparring and drills. He trains under a grappling coach and former pro, Andy Jimenez. Jimenez is a quiet, friendly man who immediately tells me to grab some gear and hop into drills with Aminov. I like to let fighters be themselves, he says. It shows  his room is a mix of former wrestlers and guys with a few years of boxing who are switching to MMA Aminov, who had no background in combat sports before taking up MMA, is somewhat of a minority in the fight world. Aminov is getting back into regular training after his fight. We spar for a few rounds. Aminov takes it easy on me He loves the sneaky left high kick and has a lanky fighters long jab that pops right through my guard more than once. When you move around with a fighter in the gym, their eyes are dead until they hit you. Its disconcerting to try to punch someone who looks bored, but its even scarier when their eyes light up after they tag you with a shot. And even with everyone playing nice, theres always a chance of blood At one practice, Aminov eats an accidental headbutt that splits the skin over his right eye. IM VERY CLOSE TO ROGAN AND TRUMP, WHITE SAYS. WERE ALL CONNECTED BY UFC. Coach, you think this needs stitches? Aminov asks. Jimenez grimaces. I dunno man  I think it needs something to keep it closed. Aminov swears. We look up the nearest walk-in place to the gym, but its almost 10 p.m., and everything is closed. You dont have someone to do that stuff for you  a nurse girlfriend or something? Jimenez asks. Aminov laughs and shakes his head. At least he has insurance, which is more than many fighters have. This is the grind. Fighters suffer through constant pain for years before they ever see a cent from it. There are no high school MMA teams, no college programs that provide coaching and medical care and state-of-the-art facilities. Fighters come to the sport because they step into a gym and never want to leave, because they washed out of those fancy college sports, because they were getting in too many fights on the streets and figured training was easier than jail. There is no pipeline to the pros There is only the grind. The vast majority of fighters on this path are men. White, for years, resisted including women in the UFC, but relented in 2013 thanks to the star power of Ronda Rousey, a blond, photogenic fighter who took bronze in judo at the 2008 Olympics. After that, the womens game grew rapidly. In 2014, I met a fighter named Erin Blanchfield, a 15-year-old grappling prodigy who was already training with adult fighters. Now, shes the UFCs number-three flyweight, inches away from a shot at the belt, and a testament to how far the sport has come in those 10 years. The kids at the jitsu gym  when they see me, I can see their eyes get wide. I remember being that kid looking up to others, Blanchfield tells me. The women before us didnt have anyone to look up to. A fighter like Blanchfield has something of a cushion a slot in the top five, regular endorsements, high billing on fight cards, and enough star power that she can claim better prize money, or purses. But to get to that point, a fighter has to grind their way up in smaller promotions, hoping to get noticed by White or another of the UFC scouts. Aminov hopes to turn pro after his next fight, either sticking with Flex or making the hop to a bigger promotion like the Texas-based Legacy Fighting Alliance or the Northeasts Cage Fury Fighting Championship. There, pros can expect a couple of thousand bucks per fight, maybe doubled if they win. In the UFC, it doesnt get that much better  a new fighters standard contract is often somewhere around 10 and 10, or 10,000 per fight, with 10,000 for a win. Thats a step up from the regionals, but when you consider that fighters will fight at most four times in a year, it doesnt add up to much, even if they win. The week before I went to Vegas, a Venezuelan fighter on the Contender Series didnt have money to buy herself groceries during fight week, and the UFC stepped in to help her out. She won the fight  a spectacular knockout that impressed the hell out of White and earned an immediate contract with the UFC and bonus from White himself. Let me tell you what, she aint broke now, White said following the fight. White, and many fighters, see this as a success story  a dedicated athlete making the most of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. But its clear that in this system, Whites favor can be the most valuable currency. Hes the type of guy where you have to talk to him like you own the joint. If somebody goes out there and fights their ass off, hell reward you for it, Julianna Peña, the current womens bantamweight champion, tells me. Peñas last fight reportedly netted her somewhere around half a million dollars. Theres never been a time when he hasnt given me everything that I could need. Peña is a brilliant and intensely dedicated fighter  first claiming the title in a massive upset win against Amanda Nunes, one of the greatest female fighters of all time. But for every bonus White pays out, for every new champion crowned, there are dozens of other fighters who take their bare-minimum check and try to make it last until their next chance to impress the boss. You dont see me running around trying to defend the pay and all that stuff all the time, because I dont give a shit, White tells me. I know what were doing. I know how many peoples lives weve changed, and I know for a fact that weve built the right pay structure to build a business, and grow the business, and reinvest in the business. The UFC  and White  have built this business around a bloody version of the American dream that any given fight could be your highlight-reel knockout, your big break. And that anyone, even a Venezuelan immigrant who cant afford groceries, can make it to a title shot someday, if they just work hard enough, sweat hard enough, bleed enough. The UFCs roster is riddled with testaments to this fighters whove come from nothing and achieved everything. The UFCs parent company was projected to make around 2.75 billion in 2024. What portion of the UFCs revenue goes to fighters is unclear, but prior reporting based on court documents shows it hovers at around 20 percent. In the NFL, NBA, and MLB, that revenue share is closer to 50 percent. Its hard for me to square this blunt, ruthless system with a sport that asks everything of its athletes. While the UFC has never had a death or serious injury in the ring, the damage a fighter takes over their career accumulates. A 2020 survey in The Athletic found that more than 55 percent of fighters expect their lives after retirement to be affected by injuries, and the specter of the progressive brain disorder CTE is seen almost as a given by everyone who makes a living with their fists. When an athlete leaves the cage for the last time, theyre completely on their own. White points to former fighters having opportunities to become UFC analysts and do paid meet-and-greets with fans at live events. Believe me, White says, we do more than everybody does. I say it all the time Its not a job, its an opportunity. The fighters I talk to admit the systems flaws but balk at considering any kind of widespread change. The grind is the grind. If you make it to the top, theres no way anyone can say you didnt earn it. Its like what some people say, Aminov tells me after practice, his eyebrow still wet with fresh blood. You eat what you kill. Aminov and I dont talk much about politics  Im not much interested in his, and hes not much interested in mine. MMA gyms are some of the most accepting places I have ever been If you show up to work and respect your training partners, most other facets of your identity will be pretty much ignored. But theres no denying that in recent years, the sports culture as a whole has taken a drastic and alarming swing to the far right. The sport has probably always been decidedly right wing, Luke Thomas, a longtime MMA commentator and podcaster, tells me. Fighting is a brutal and individualist sport, and orienting your life around violence can lend itself to seeing the world in harsh absolutes. But in the early aughts, Thomas says, those attitudes were kept more under wraps as the UFC was groping for mainstream appeal. In the years since Trumps first election in 2016, and particularly since the Covid-19 pandemic, the wraps have come off. It is expressly right wing now, Thomas says. The fan base and the sport more generally have been ideologically homogenized. The union of UFC and what would become MAGA started back in 2015. Since the early fights at the Taj Mahal, White and Trump stayed in touch, with the latter making it clear that he was keeping a careful eye on the UFC. There was a write-up in The New York Times about the UFC, and Trump took the article and wrote, Congratulations Dana, I always knew you were gonna do it,  White tells me. Stuff like that would roll into the office. Their relationship was friendly but not close, until White got the chance to stick his neck out for Trump the way Trump had for him way back at the Taj Mahal. He called me on the phone and said, If you dont want to do this, I completely understand. But I would be honored if you would speak at the Republican Convention. Im going to run for president,  White says. And everybody  everybody  told me not to do it. But you know, this guys been a good guy to me. Im not going to say no. In the years since, White and Trumps mutual loyalty has deepened. They dine together when they can and speak on the phone frequently He hates FaceTime, White says, and White is also close to several other members of the Trump family, including Ivanka and Jared Kushner. Last year, White took an even more active role in Trumps orbit, advocating for the presidential candidate to engage with the new-media empire of podcasts, comedians, and YouTubers who sent the presidents numbers skyrocketing with young men. When youre at the level that Trump and all these other politicians are on, all you focus on is Fox, MSNBC, CNN, whatever. But that aint it, White tells me. For the past several years, White has personally deepened the UFCs relationships with the manosphere, seating podcasters like the Nelk Boys ringside and making Barstool Sports presenters favored mainstays in the UFC press room. White got the Nelk Boys on Trumps plane, put him on the radar of podcaster Theo Von, comedian Andrew Schulz, and eventually Rogan. Rogan, White says, was resistant to wade into the political scene, but as the 2024 campaign escalated, White made it a personal project to get him on board. Ive been working on Rogan for years, White tells me. I knew that if I could get him and Trump together that they would hit it off. White says he made a breakthrough when he invited Rogan to a private dinner with Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, who helped persuade Rogan to bring Trump on his podcast, eventually leading to Rogans endorsement. Reps for Rogan did not respond to a request for comment. A rep for Kushner and Ivanka Trump declined to comment. The nature of Trump and Whites relationship is unique, especially in a second term riddled with presidential friends and familiar faces, as White appears to be one of the few people in his inner circle who is not jockeying for a cabinet seat or personal advancement. I dont want anything from him, White says. I dont want anything from this election. I dont want anything from him in that way, other than his friendship. It makes sense, of course, that White and Trump would be friends. White runs the UFC the same way Trump runs America top-down, tight control, with a warm hand toward those who are loyal and a vicious streak toward naysayers and challengers to his authority. White is notorious for torching fighters, journalists, and judges during press conferences, and the UFCs history is full of high-profile rifts between the CEO and some of his stars. One of them, Francis Ngannou, is perhaps the only former fighter who has gone toe to toe with the boss and won. Ngannou, a Cameroonian immigrant who took up MMA after living on the streets of Paris, tore his way through the UFCs heavyweight division in the late 2010s, claiming the undisputed championship in 2021. But after a single title defense, Ngannous contract negotiations fell apart. Ngannou says he pushed the UFC to give their fighters health insurance, more opportunities for personal sponsorships, and an advocate at meetings with the company. Theres no rules in MMA to protect fighters, because there might be hundreds out there, but youll be dealing individually with this huge organization, Ngannou says over Zoom from Paris. You have no leverage  unlike other sports that have been around for so long and have a union that protects them. I was abused in that UFC contract. I was powerless, I was voiceless. On the other side, you have a guy who is the jury and the judge. He decides what goes. Hunter Campbell, the UFCs chief business officer, claims Ngannou left after refusing terms for a fight with undefeated heavyweight Jon Jones. Francis Ngannou publicly raised issues such as health insurance as a talking point for himself to attempt to change the narrative, Campbell says. I dealt with Francis extensively, and its my opinion he was always most concerned with himself. A few months later, Ngannou signed a new contract with an upstart, rival promotion the Professional Fighters League. Ngannou tells me the PFL approached him with a contract that he agreed to on the spot, including a minimum purse for his opponent. His own take was reportedly north of 8 million for his first fight with the PFL. Unlike the UFCs ad-hoc matchmaking, the PFLs regular roster of fighters compete in an annual tournament with a winner-take-all prize of 500,000. PFLs chairman, the dot-com investor Donn Davis, claims that this structure puts more power in the hands of the fighters themselves. I like that the athletes in control, Davis tells me. Nobody here is a puppeteer, nobodys here playing favorites. The line about favorites seems to be a reference to White. When I bring it up, White responds Who the fuck is Donn Davis? Inside the UFC, White has his fighters who he has gone to bat for time and time again. One of those fighters is Jones, the current UFC heavyweight champion, who is headlining the event at Madison Square Garden in mid-November. Jones, now 37, has had multiple arrests and failed drug tests, a previous title belt stripped, compounding injuries, and years without fights. He and White have had public differences, but Jones tells me that behind the scenes, White has stuck with him. To sell this fight, White has made that loyalty public, declaring Jones the pound-for-pound greatest of all time so incessantly that the phrase becomes a fan meme. Most fans dont agree with the matchup at the Garden. Currently, the UFCs heavyweight division has an interim champion, a polite but not gentle English giant named Tom Aspinall, who has been keeping the belt warm while Jones recovered from injuries. Ordinarily, an interim champ would get a shot at unifying the belts when the champion recovers  but instead, Jones has thus far ducked Aspinall in favor of fighting Stipe Miocic, a legendary-but-aging heavyweight who hasnt stepped into the cage in nearly four years. Even though Jones is 30 pounds heavier than in his prime, hes still terrifying a generationally talented athlete who fights with a shocking brutality. Hell unleash that on the 42-year-old Miocic, who works outside the ring as a firefighter. This is not the fight fans want, but its the one Jones wants  and because hes Whites guy, he gets his way. It feels good to have a sense of control over the way my story ends, Jones tells me backstage at MSG. Oftentimes, you see athletes that stay too long, and a lot of times fans remember them for the old version of themselves instead of them in their prime. I dont want to be remembered for my degression. At the Garden, theres plenty for fans to remember. Jones, Miocic, Chandler, and Oliveira are all huge draws in their own right, but tonight, they share the stage with the biggest headliner the UFC could possibly pull the newly victorious President-elect Trump. Trump arrives just at the start of the main card, entering the arena like a fighter. White leads him out. His walkout song, Kid Rocks American Badass, thunders through the arena. I wish the people at home could hear the sound in this room, Rogan squeals on the pay-per-view broadcast. The cheers rise and fall like waves as Trump glad-hands his way through the UFC announcers table and VIP section. Kid Rock himself is there, as is Elon Musk, prospective Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr., prospective Director of National Intelligence Tulsi Gabbard, Department of Government Efficiency co-chair Vivek Ramaswamy, Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, some of the Trump kids  its their victory lap. The jumbotrons above the octagon play a sizzle reel of Trump and Vice President-elect J.D. Vance on the campaign trail. God spared my life for a reason, drones a recording of Trump, to restore America to greatness. As a giant red 45 turns to a 47 onscreen, the voice-over blares, Together we can truly make America great again. The crowd is deafening. Its always loud when he comes in, but now that hes won? Now that hes the president again? an elated Rogan says on his broadcast. I head out into the crowd. He comes out like a fighter, thats the biggest thing, a baby-faced 29-year-old named Jonathan in a bright red hat tells me. It resonates with a lot of people that are hurting, his friend Ethan says. When they see a strong figure like that, it gives a sense of hope. Jonathan and Ethan are Canadian but love Trump. The fights start up again. The crowd bursts into chants of USA! USA! every few minutes. The energy carries all the way through to the main event, through Oliveira and Chandlers wild scrap. Jones versus Miocic goes about how everyone expected. Miocic puts up a fight, but is clearly outmatched from the first round. In the third, Jones finishes it in spectacular fashion  a devastating spinning back kick that hits Miocic so hard in the floating ribs that he crumples, all the wind and fight gone out of him at the end of one angry mans heel. Jones saunters to the middle of the cage, shimmying his hips and arms in an imitation of Trumps signature shuffle-dance. White brings out the belt, a gleaming, skateboard-size strap of leather and gold, and Jones presents it to Trump, as Rogan hovers around after post-fight interviews. Miocic, quietly, announces his retirement. The arena clears out quickly. Outside, I try talking to a gaggle of red hats, but most of them are too drunk to give me anything worth writing down. MMA is amazing is all I get when I ask one guy why he likes the sport. The question, then, is how far White can ride this wave. How far does this new America go? How long do the fights last? For the short and medium term, this is absolutely the sport of the moment, Thomas, the longtime MMA commentator, tells me. But theyve tied their fortunes so nakedly to one guys political identity and movement. Ive got a feeling its not going to last forever. Thomas says there are other fault lines aside from politics rising ticket prices like the ones that forced out fans in Vegas, a glut of pay-per-view events bleeding fans wallets dry, the possibility of stagnant competition as the company prioritizes its brand over its pool of talent. But the waters are so high right now, its hard to tell if any of those amount to significant cracks. On the train home, I strike up a conversation with two guys named Kay and Gage who are sober but still buzzing from the energy of the fight. Theyre in the Navy, visiting from San Diego, and have been following this sport for years. Its the underdog fights that really get you going, Kay says, rattling off a list of past UFC upsets. Neither of these guys are wearing red hats. Theyre not yelling about the Nelk Boys or Elon Musk. They came here and paid 1,100 a ticket to see two guys beat the shit out of each other in a cage, because the underdog stories get them going. When the president-elect showed up, Gage says, it was like confirmation that this is what the American people want. This culture, this movement, Kay says  It refuses to be denied. Charles Oliveira left won his match at the UFC fight at MSG where Trump sat front-row. We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist Looking for the weeks best new music? Check out our Songs You Need to Know playlist We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

