Back to All Topics By Elizabeth Kolbert By Fred Pearce By Christian Schwägerl By Fred Pearce By Nicola Jones By Kennedy Phiri and Freddie Clayton By Sofia Quaglia By Rebecca McCarthy By Christian Schwägerl By Lela Nargi By Jonathan Mingle By Fred Pearce By Jon Hurdle By Ed Struzik By Hillary Rosner By Richard Schiffman By Elizabeth Kolbert By Fred Pearce

Mehmet Hanefi says the Kralkızı Dam, which opened in 1997, flooded prime farmland along a tributary of the Tigris River in Turkey. A series of dams and years of conflict have transformed the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, which gave rise to some of the worlds earliest civilizations. Kurdish photographer Murat Yazar focused his lens on these rivers of his homeland and on the people who live alongside them. By Murat Yazar  Text by Paul Salopek  September 23, 2024 What hasnt poured into the Tigris and Euphrates rivers? Raindrops. Blood. Snowmelt. Ashes. Hope. Pesticides. Ink. When the Mongols plundered Baghdad in 1258 A.D., they tossed so many books from the citys libraries into the Tigris that the currents ran black with ink. Dreams. Stories. Time. The photographer Murat Yazar understands this. He knows that rivers are the biographers of landscape. That they cradle within their currents a swirling distillation of every incident and anecdote that has transpired in the inhabited landscapes they course through. And few rivers carry a headier and more sobering brew of history  tales of human woe and triumph  than the Tigris and Euphrates, the fabled waterways that pour through the heartlands of Eurasian civilization, through the Fertile Crescent, from their chilly headwaters in the mountains of Turkey through vast watersheds in Syria, Kuwait, and Iran, to finally empty into Persian Gulf at the sweltering marshland shores of Iraq. Ten years ago, I walked with Yazar along the banks of Tigris at the antique settlement of Hasankeyf in Turkey. A local shepherd named Çoban Ali Ayhan sang for us there an old ballad that was more like a cry of pure agony. His voice bounded down the sandstone canyons of the Tigris, with a song that was a hymn to true love, which is to say, to love unrequited. It was an ode to loneliness, to waiting, to the exquisite suffering of betrayal. In other words the perfect song for both the ancient riverbed and its doomed town, which would soon disappear under the reservoir of yet another massive government dam. The caverns of Hasankeyf, once lit by the campfires of the Neolithic, as well as nearby ruins of fortress walls, ornate minarets, and cliff-top citadels  a unique trove of architectural wonders that had seen the passing of Roman legionnaires and Silk Road caravans, some 12,000 years of memory  were soon to be erased. Yale Environment 360 What can we do? Ayhan glumly told us. We opposed the dam. It is going ahead anyway. Today, the place is underwater. In his documentary photography project Lost Paradise, Yazar presents us with the human and environmental costs of this massive reengineering of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers in Turkey. Yazars perspective is always local. He is an ethnic Kurd from Şanlıurfa, Turkey, and the son of generations of shepherds for him the human connections to this landscape of his childhood are sacred. The construction of hundreds of dams, canals, weirs, and diversion projects big and small are changing his homeland literally beyond recognition. Turkish authorities insist that the millions of tons of poured concrete for these river developments are essential for agricultural self-sufficiency, for irrigation, and the hydropower needed to help reduce the countrys dependency on foreign energy. But Yazar captures a pastoral Mesopotamia  the land between two rivers  being rapidly transformed by inundation, relocated villages, extensive mining projects, deteriorating water quality, and drastic climate change. The two life-giving rivers that long sustained the regions varied cultures are being throttled. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter for weekly updates delivered to your inbox. Sign Up. While working on this project in Iraq near the Turkish border this summer, Murat was arrested by Kurdish security forces, who confiscated his camera and detained him for nine days. Back when I hiked the banks of the Tigris with Yazar, a frail truce between the Turkish army and Kurdish separatists was coming unraveled. Immensely destructive military campaigns have since swept the region. Refugees were flooding into Turkey from war-ruined Syria. And the tamed Tigris and Euphrates squeezed their way through endless pipes and concrete channels to distant Basra, the home of Sinbad the Sailor. Even now, however, not all is yet lost. Yazars images remind us, through their sensitive portraits of the gritty riverside communities still struggling to adapt, that time yet remains to save what remains of the regions ecosystems and traditional lifeways. Yazars photographs are not mere lament. They are a call to action. Scroll down to see the images, or click on the photo below to launch a slideshow. The Euphrates River close to its headwaters in Turkey. Cihan Cal watches over his sheep near the Keban Dam reservoir on the Euphrates in Turkey. The farmhouse behind him was abandoned after the dam flooded pastureland. The Karakaya Dam on the Euphrates River. Residents of Hasankeyf, Turkey, visit the site their former homes along the Tigris River, which were submerged by the Ilısu Dam in 2020. An oil field in Hasankeyf, Turkey. A man bathes his horse in the Ataturk Dam reservoir on the Euphrates River. Canals carry water more than 100 miles from the Ataturk Dam to Kiziltepe, Turkey. Ahmet Yilmazsoy says his 450 pistachio trees died after water flowed to his town from Turkeys Ataturk Dam reservoir in 2017. Farmers are using water diverted from the Euphrates for irrigation, but a rising water table is hurting some dry-loving crops. Parts of Cekem, Turkey, which sits on the Euphrates River, were submerged after the Birecik Dam was opened in 2000. Farmers lay tomatoes out to dry in Siverek, Turkey, near the Euphrates River. A cyanide pond at the Copler Gold Mine near the Euphrates in Turkey. Cyanide, used to separate gold from ore, began leaking from the site in 2022, and in 2024, a landslide of contaminated soil buried nine workers, killing them. Abuzer Mahmoud, a 12-year-old Romani boy in Bismil, Turkey. Abuzers family fled the civil war in Syria and now spends most of the year living in tent camps along the Tigris. Where the Tigris River divides Turkey and Syria, Turkish officials have built a border fence to stop illegal crossings. Fisherman Muhammet Nemrik says Iraqs Mosul Dam reservoir on the Tigris River has shrunk dramatically because of drought. Children play beneath the Delal Bridge on the Xebir River, a tributary of the Tigris, in Zakho, Iraq. Murat Yazar is a Kurdish photographer working across the Middle East and Europe whose work has appeared in National Geographic, The Times of London, and The New York Times. Paul Salopek is a two-time Pulitzer Prize winner who has reported from around the world for the Chicago Tribune, Foreign Policy, and National Geographic. For his latest project, the Out of Eden Walk, Salopnek is retracing, on foot, the path of migration that early humans took out of Africa, across Asia, and through the Americas. More about Murat Yazar  Text by Paul Salopek  Never miss an article. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter  By Jim Robbins By Fred Pearce By Jonathan Mingle

A woman draws water from a public tap in Kolkata, India, during a flood. Arka Dutta  Pacific Press  LightRocket via Getty Images Wildfires, floods, intense heat, droughts, and other extreme events fueled by climate change are threatening water systems in the U.S. and around the globe. Experts warn of the increasing threat of contamination and the need to improve infrastructure to keep drinking water safe. By Jim Robbins  February 27, 2025 On November 8, 2018, a power line dropped into dry grass in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountains, north of Sacramento, and ignited the deadliest fire in Californias history. Powerful winds swept flames through Paradise and several other small towns in the tinder-dry forest, killing 85 people, destroying 18,000 structures, and causing more than 16 billion in damage. Among the fire victims was the citys water system, poisoned by the toxins in smoke. Every time a home burns, its an open line to the atmosphere, said Kevin Phillips, a former town manager and the district manager for the Paradise Irrigation District, which provides drinking water to more than 9,000 customers. You are squirting water out of lines that supply homes at full speed and eventually the system depressurizes. That creates a vacuum effect and sucks in smoke with contaminants back into the system. Smoke from burning trees, plastics  including PVC water pipes  and other materials contain benzene and other carcinogens. A year after the fire, testing revealed levels of benzene 80 times higher than the legal limit in some drinking water samples. The road back to a healthy water supply has been long, requiring many rounds of flushing the system, testing, and replacing pipes. But this August, after seven years of work and expenditures of 40 million, the towns new water system will be finished and all toxic substances flushed. From fires to floods, droughts, extreme heat, and sea level rise, climate change is taking a growing and serious toll on drinking water supplies around the world. The changes hit hardest in places with already stressed, or fragile, municipal water systems. And as such climate impacts worsen, they are forcing expensive fixes  if fixes exist at all. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter for weekly updates delivered to your inbox. Sign Up. Climate change is having a significant impact on the availability of our water resources from a quality and quantity perspective, said Alexandra Campbell Ferrari, executive director of the Center for Water Security and Cooperation. We are not really addressing the challenges. Ultimately, well be unprepared to address the floods and drought and pollution that we will continue to be faced with. More than half of the U.S. population drinks water thats captured and filtered by forested lands. But with wildland fires growing in intensity, frequency, and duration, surface water supplies in those watersheds are increasingly contaminated with dissolved carbon, heavy metals, and excessive nutrients, including nitrogen and phosphorous, from burning trees and other forest materials. When fires burn houses and towns, plastic pipes and other human-made materials pollute the water system. And after the fires, mudslides often occur, washing sediment, debris, and other contaminants into surface water, compounding water quality problems. A home burns in the 2018 Camp Fire in Paradise, California. When houses burn, plastic pipes and other human-made materials pollute the water system. Justin Sullivan  Getty Images Flooding poses a major threat to drinking water systems worldwide as the climate warms and the atmosphere holds ever more moisture. Last September, Hurricane Helene swept up the U.S. East Coast, dropping 14 inches of rain on Asheville, North Carolina, over the course of three days. The once-in-a-thousand-year deluge wiped out homes, businesses, and infrastructure in the mountain community  including the citys water system. The flooding washed away the large-diameter pipes that carried water from treatment plants to the rest of the system and damaged back-up pipes buried 25 feet underground. The 1,000 miles of smaller pipes in Asheville that carried water to businesses and residences were also heavily damaged. This wreckage was even more striking because it happened to a system built in 2004, which was designed to be more resilient in the wake of a previous flood event. Officials thought they were building the best they could with the means they had at the time, Asheville Mayor Esther Manheimer told The New York Times last year. I dont know how you can build a system that can withstand a 1,000-year flood situation like we just experienced. If you had all the money in the world, you probably could. When youre a city on a budget of 250 million a year, you know, you cant. The problem is worse in countries without, or with minimal, water infrastructure. Recent extreme flooding events in Pakistan, Niger, and Chad flooded sewers and latrines. Pathogens were washed into drinking water, which resulted in outbreaks of diarrhea and cholera. In Chad, which was already suffering from a food crisis, contaminated floodwaters also destroyed stores of food as well as crops in fields. In southern Brazil, flooding in the spring of 2024 contributed to an increase in leptospirosis in urban settings with inadequate sanitation systems. High-intensity rain storms can also wash toxic chemicals from fertilized fields, industrial sites, and roads into streams and reservoirs. The contaminants complicate the water-treatment process as systems overflow, equipment breaks down, filters clog, and more disinfectant is required. Because many sewage and water treatment plants are built along streams and low-lying areas prone to flooding, as in Asheville, climate change is expected to damage more of these facilities. Such challenges increase the risk of contamination both immediately and over the long term. Wastewater systems are not designed for this changing climate, said Sri Vedachalam. They were designed for an older climate that probably doesnt exist anymore. A boil water advisory set up in Old Fort, North Carolina, after Hurricane Helene flooded the local water treatment plant last October. Robert Willett  The News  Observer via AP Wells are at risk too. Testing after Hurricane Helene showed that E. coli and coliform bacteria contaminated 40 percent of the private wells in the path of Helene. Studies have shown that flooding and heavy rains can cause human feces and other contaminants from leaky septic systems to seep into public and private wells. Some 53 million people in the United States rely on private wells, which are not regulated by the federal government and are not subject to mandatory treatment for contaminants. Faced with heavier rains, cities scramble to control polluted runoff. Read more. Droughts  made more frequent and intense by climate change  can also affect water quality. When water levels are low, organic material, such as decomposing leaves and other vegetation, gets concentrated in surface water sources, which spurs treatment plants to use more disinfectant  typically chlorine. But organic material can react with chlorine to create two families of toxic disinfection byproducts DBP  trihalomethanes and haloacetic acids. Utilities face a balancing act Using too little chlorine could allow opportunistic pathogens to survive. Using too much chlorine could allow harmful DBPs to build up in drinking water. A recent analysis found some evidence that trihalomethanes, even at levels below regulatory limits in the U.S. and the European Union, increase the risk of bladder and colorectal cancer over decades of consumption haloacetic acids are also considered a potential carcinogen. Globally, rural areas that lack advanced water treatment systems also suffer. In Mozambiques Nampula Province, climate-related drought has diminished rivers, shallow boreholes, and wells the lack of clean water has contributed to rising cases of tropical diseases like scabies, schistosomiasis, and lymphatic filariasis, according to Doctors Without Borders, in addition to water-borne diseases like cholera and diarrhea. A solution digging deeper and better-covered wells. Fertilizer runoff and contaminated stormwater from extreme rainfall, combined with warmer water temperatures, are also increasing the frequency and intensity of harmful algal blooms in freshwater. After a massive algal bloom occurred in Lake Erie in the summer of 2014, residents of Toledo, Ohio, were warned not to drink their tap water because it contained cyanotoxins generated by thick green slicks of algae. Exposure to these naturally occurring compounds, through swimming in or drinking affected water, can cause serious illness and even death. Experts say the risk of algal blooms, and their risk to drinking water, is growing. Lake Eries blooms are starting earlier, said Sean Corson, director of NOAAs National Center for Coastal Ocean Science told Inside Climate News. Theyre lasting longer. Their peaks are larger. So, by some measures, theyre getting worse. A glass of water collected from Lake Erie during an algae bloom in July 2015. Eric Albrecht  The Columbus Dispatch via AP Ocean water is also threatening drinking water supplies as river volumes decline. The Mississippi River has experienced a drought over the last two years, due to lack of precipitation and excessive heat. The low river levels have allowed saltwater to travel from the Gulf of Mexico further upstream, threatening to contaminate New Orleans drinking water. Lately its been an extremely low river, said Mark Hobbo Cognevich, who works on water issues as a district representative for Plaquemines Parish, at the mouth of the Mississippi. The seawater is rising and so its moving its way upriver against the freshwater coming down. Saltwater intrusion has become more frequent in the last few years, said Cognevich. Last year, parish officials delivered bottled water to residents, and the utility occasionally trucks in reverse osmosis filters, or desalination units, to supplement its water treatment until a new plant in Belle Chasse with reverse osmosis capabilities can be completed. Utilities across the U.S. are working on various fronts to adapt to the changing water picture. In Paradise, to cope with the growing risk of fires, Phillips said the city has learned hard lessons on how to better prepare. We put in concrete meter boxes everywhere so they are more resilient to heat, he said. We use brass meters, no more plastic meters. And every house is equipped with a backflow device, so if a house was to burn down there would no longer be the opportunity for a vacuum effect. According to a recent report by the Pacific Institute, the Center for Water Security and Cooperation, and DigDeep, which promotes clean-water initiatives in underserved communities, a key part of adapting to climate impacts on water systems is legal reform. How a citizen map is helping Brazil prepare for next big flood. Read more. Until our laws reflect some kind of instruction manual that says we need to think about how we are managing our water resources  including protecting minimum stream flows and aquifer levels, reducing the amount of pollution going into water, and prioritizing equitable access to drinking water  we arent going to achieve those goals, said Ferrari, of the Center for Water Security and Cooperation. The law creates the impetus for change. Jim Robbins is a veteran journalist based in Helena, Montana. A regular contributor to Yale Environment 360, he has written for the New York Times, Conde Nast Traveler, and numerous other publications. His latest book is the The Wonder of Birds What They Tell Us About the World, Ourselves and a Better Future. More about Jim Robbins  Never miss an article. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter  By Elizabeth Kolbert By Ed Struzik By Christian Schwägerl

Back to All Topics By Adam Welz By Fred Pearce By Mary Evelyn Tucker By Ed Struzik By Fred Pearce By Lela Nargi By Christian Schwägerl By Andrew S. Lewis By Fred Pearce By Christopher Preston By Jacques Leslie By Jim Robbins By Fred Pearce By Sofia Quaglia By Fred Pearce By Fred Pearce By Zach St. George By Richard Schiffman By Fred Pearce By Jim Robbins

Yale Environment 360 is an online magazine offering opinion, analysis, reporting, and debate on global environmental issues. We feature original articles by scientists, journalists, environmentalists, academics, policymakers, and business people, as well as multimedia and a daily digest of major environmental news. Yale Environment 360 is published at the Yale School of the Environment. We receive funding from the BAND Foundation, the William Penn Foundation, the Heinz Endowments, and the Climate and Land Use Alliance. All of Yale Environment 360s editorial decisions and judgments are made independently and not on the basis of donor support. The opinions and views expressed in Yale Environment 360 are those of the authors and not of the Yale School of the Environment or of Yale University. Online and print republication of Yale Environment 360 content is not allowed without written consent. To request permission to republish articles, photos, or multimedia, contact Yale Environment 360 at e360yale.edu. If permission is granted, articles must be republished in their entirety with a credit line at the top of the article stating it is from Yale Environment 360. In addition, republished content must include a link to our site. Editor Roger CohnSenior Editor Elizabeth Royte Managing Editor Jeremy DeatonContributing Editor Nicola Jones Editorial Interns Meryl Braconnier, Scarlett Pinkey, Malina Reber Email us ate360yale.edu Offices 205 Prospect Street3rd FloorNew Haven, CT 06511 Mailing AddressYale Environment 360Yale School the Environment 195 Prospect StreetNew Haven, CT 06511 Its easy to keep up with our latest articles you can subscribe to our newsletter, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Bluesky, and Twitter, or subscribe to our RSS feed. Yale Environment 360 is funded by donations from private individuals and foundations that support our work. We are not funded directly by Yale University. We depend on contributions from those who value e360 and its top-quality, highly informed reporting, commentary, and analysis on global environmental issues. Please consider making a tax-deductible donation. In compliance with information technology guidelines of Yale University, we respect the privacy of all users of e360. User data, such as IP addresses and page requests are collected, but used only internally in summary format. We do not collect individual biographical information from users without their consent.Personal information, such as email addresses, which are input by the user at this site are used only for announcements related to e360 activities. Individual user information is not released to third parties.The complete text of the Yale University Information Appropriate Use Policy is published at yale.edu. We accept queries and unsolicited articles from qualified contributors, and will do our best to provide a timely response. We publish original articles on a broad range of global environmental topics, and our site is aimed at an informed, but non-expert audience. Most of our articles are within the range of 1,500-1,800 words, though we have no firm word limits. All work must be written exclusively for Yale Environment 360. Queries or submissions should include a short biography of the author and should be emailed to e360yale.edu

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ Less than a month before the Eaton Fire engulfed Altadena, longtime residents thought theyd finally resolved a bruising debate over the California suburbs future. For months theyd debated a Los Angeles County government plan poised to dramatically alter the character of the quiet community of just over 40,000 people, which sits at the edge of the Angeles National Forest. The plan limited construction in Altadenas fire-prone foothills and simultaneously increased buildable density in its commercial corridors, allowing for hundreds of new housing units in the flat downtown area. It promised to both relieve the regions critical housing shortage and also reduce wildfire risk accelerated by climate change. In prickly public meetings and press statements, prominent residents staked out opposing positions. One side was represented by Michael Bicay, a retired NASA scientist who has for decades opposed construction in the Altadena hills on ecological grounds. When county officials arrived with their plan to add population density in Altadena, Bicay was in the middle of a campaign to stop a proposed prep school sports complex in the hills. He used the rezoning as an occasion to push for limits on future development on the communitys wildland edges. Simultaneously, however, he recognized that Altadena had a role to play in mitigating L.A.s sky-high housing prices  the county faces a shortage of about half a million affordable homes  which could be achieved by building more apartments along Altadenas commercial corridors, many blocks away from the tinderbox in the hills. On the other side of the debate was another longtime resident, Alan Zorthian, who owns a 50-acre artists colony in the foothills. Zorthians father Jirayr, a famous bohemian artist who hosted parties for luminaries like Bob Dylan and Andy Warhol, built the colony into a local curiosity and tourist attraction in the decades before his death in 2004, constructing idiosyncratic homes and sheds out of colored stone and scrap metal. Faced with the prospect of a downzoning in the hills, the younger Zorthian and other nearby landowners fought back against what they called regulatory taking that could devalue their property by limiting possibilities for future development. At the same time, though, the landowners argued that new apartments in the commercial areas would mar Altadenas historic character. The community was home to Queen Anne-style mansions like the famed Andrew McNally House as well as several exemplars of mid-century modernist architecture. After months of debate, Bicays side won. In December, the county voted the plan forward, signaling a retreat from Altadenas foothills and a commitment to development in its more urban core. But the timing could not have been worse Just a few weeks later, the Eaton Fire tore through the foothills, incinerating more than 9,000 structures and ravaging not only the towns recognized fire zones but its commercial flatlands as well. The blaze was one of the worst urban firestorms in United States history Together with the Palisades Fire that struck the western part of Los Angeles County simultaneously, it has caused at least 95 billion in damages. As Altadena begins to rebuild, residents and local officials are fearful that the once-affordable neighborhood will see rents spike and a hollowing out of its middle and working class. Real estate speculators have already descended on the area making lowball cash offers to fire victims, including Black families who lack the savings and insurance coverage to get back the homes theyve had for generations. Some locals now worry that the countys plan to open up Altadena for new construction, which was controversial even before the fire, could attract a rush of new development that will hasten this process of what some scholars call climate gentrification. To thread this needle, local officials will have to look beyond the traditional housing debate in the United States. Most development debates in Los Angeles and other big cities pit NIMBY Not In My Backyard residents who oppose the disruption of new construction against YIMBY Yes In My Backyard advocates who want to bring down housing costs by allowing the construction of as many new housing units as possible. Altadenas divide is not so simple Both the Bicay and Zorthian factions are simultaneously for and against new development in the town  they just have opposite views on where and how it should happen. Sudden disasters fueled by climate change only complicate matters further. Altadena must now balance a need to shift its population away from its wildland edges, state and county policies pushing it to add housing capacity overall, and the demands of residents who want to return to their homes  homes that have burned down once and may well burn again in the future. Were talking out of both sides of our mouth right now, said Bicay. I think its OK to say that were going to have a lower density in Altadena in the future. But the county, driven by the state, is allowing people to build. So there are going to be some tough decisions. The countys zoning revision in Altadena was part of a broader effort to promote new housing development and reduce hazard risk. About 15 percent of the countys land area is classified as vulnerable to wildfire. Los Angeles County controls 2,600 square miles of land in the region  everything that isnt part of an incorporated city like Pasadena, Burbank, or the city of L.A. itself. This patchwork unincorporated territory is home to around a million people and includes dense neighborhoods near the Pacific Ocean as well as huge swaths of undeveloped mountain range. As county planners confront both a housing crisis and a climate crisis, they are facing a difficult paradox. California requires them to enable the construction of thousands of new homes under a decades-old planning law, but they cant let people build in areas prone to fire or flooding, or in protected nature areas. The housing demand in the region is so great, and the risk of disaster so widespread, that the county has no choice but to loosen zoning rules in safe areas in order to comply with the law  a move that in the United States nearly always triggers protests and pushback from residents opposed to growth in their own neighborhoods. In the summer of 2023, county officials announced that they would rework Altadenas decades-old zoning restrictions, which only allowed for single-family homes and a handful of multi-story buildings, to further this housing mandate. After a series of meetings and hearings, none of which drew much attention, planners unveiled a two-pronged proposal. First, the plan would upzone to allow new housing in Altadenas commercial corridors like Lincoln Avenue, a semi-blighted west end corridor home to little more than a few churches and Mexican restaurants. Second, the proposal would limit development in the fire-prone foothills, where subdivisions have crept up steep slopes alongside forest preserves and hiking trails. The plan also included a light-touch version of what climate experts often call managed retreat, or the government-sponsored relocation away from areas vulnerable to disaster. Most places pursue managed retreat only once its too late, for example by buying out homes that flood repeatedly, but the county was hoping to reduce risk over the long run by nudging investment away from the hills and preserving undeveloped space. At first, the community was warm to the idea of new housing on Altadenas main streets, according to Amy Bodek, the planning director for Los Angeles County. Altadena is very accepting of density in appropriate locations, and is very accepting of new residential units, she said, describing the community as more amenable to growth than other parts of Los Angeles where the county has worked. That was a really big benefit to working with that community. But that may have only been true of the small subset of engaged residents who bothered to chime in on the zoning plan. A typical Altadena town council election draws a few hundred voters at most  hardly surprising in an unincorporated area that most people see as just another part of sprawling Los Angeles  and just a couple dozen people showed up to the countys visioning workshops about rezoning in the summer of 2023. Bicay pushed other local preservation organizations to support the plan, and that was enough to get it to the final stages. Only in the last months of 2024 did a few outspoken residents start to gin up opposition to the plan, saying the county was devaluing their property by depriving them of the right to build on it. Zorthian joined together with a few other large landowners who had contemplated new construction and a few business owners on commercial corridors who opposed new affordable housing, fearing it might worsen traffic and bring in low-income residents. We found out what the plan was doing to the handful of us left who still have larger property, and we dont want people telling us what to do, said Zorthian. The Eaton Fire changed everything. Tearing west through the San Gabriel Mountains toward Altadena, it burned almost the entirety of the Zorthian ranch, including several homes in the artists colony and much of Jirayr Zorthians remaining artworks. Embers from the fire then spiraled down into the denser flatlands and burned thousands of homes, including all but a few on Bicays cul-de-sac block, which sits right at the base of the hills. The zoning on his own block has not changed, but the surrounding areas have been downzoned. The blaze then continued west and destroyed a patchwork of homes and businesses along Lincoln Avenue, turning the northern stretches of the corridor into a moonscape. The question now, in light of the fire, is whether the countys preexisting plan to bring fire-conscious growth to Altadena is the right path out of this devastation, or whether a surge of new development will hasten gentrification and displacement. The county plan proposed to build new apartments on commercial corridors and direct investment toward the citys west side, but planners had assumed that these changes would happen over years or even decades. Now, as burned-out residents tangle with real estate speculators in every corner of the town, theres a chance that this shift could happen in a matter of a year or two. Developers could take advantage of the new zoning to buy up fire victims damaged homes and develop large apartment complexes allowed under the new paradigm. Some locals who supported the plan are now wary of the upzoning effort. The longtime manager of Motas Mexican Restaurant on Lincoln Avenue, Lupe, said she worried that a big developer could buy up multiple lots and build expensive new housing that the former residents of those lots couldnt afford. In an interview with Grist, Lupe only provided her first name. Her own house suffered smoke damage in the fire, and she has been living there while waiting on a contractor to fix it. The county plan is a good idea, but only if they do it the right way, she said. But if people dont have insurance, and they come and want to take your property to do whatever they want to do, I dont like that way. Gentrification had already started, and I would think fire would speed it up, said Veronica Jones, president of the Altadena Historical Society and former president of the Altadena town council who represents a census tract on the more disinvested west side of the town, home to many. She pointed to the fact that wine bars and yoga studios had opened in recent years, a change that residents referred to as the Pasadena-fication of Altadena. I think its a good idea to put more housing, but now its going to have to be rethought, she added. Bodek, the county planner, said she understood the fear of gentrification and vowed that the county will work to prevent developers from snapping up victims homes or buying out longtime businesses. But theres also the matter of fire risk. The Altadena plan discouraged development in the foothills because the state of California classifies them as extremely vulnerable to wildfire, but the Eaton Fire burned almost the entirety of the town, reaching almost 2 miles south of the fire zone and destroying homes that had never been seen as risky. That means its possible the countys original plan didnt go far enough. Bicay, who was a lead advocate for the plan, now says it might be necessary to reduce the density of Altadenas flatlands by between 5 and 10 percent, which would require leaving many burned-out lots empty without rebuilding them. Nic Arnzen, another member of the town council, says the town might consider leaving vacant some lots that residents dont want to rebuild, carving out a larger zone of open space near the hills. An analysis from the climate risks firm First Street Foundation, which home listers like Zillow use to inform prospective buyers of property hazards, shows a much broader area of fire danger than that shown on maps from Cal Fire, the state firefighting agency. Zorthian, who opposed the plan, acknowledges that the fire risk in the hills was greater than he had assumed. But he now sees the county plan as hypocritical If almost the whole town burned down, why should he and a few other large landowners be the only ones with new limits on what they can build? Its going to change the character of Altadena, he said. Youre going to have behemoth apartments like you have all over Los Angeles. For his part, hes trying not to let the new plan affect him. Once hes finished cleaning up the scarred ranch, he plans to forge ahead with his vision to erect a museum in honor of his father, and hes hoping to reacquire some of his fathers works to replace the ones lost in the fire. Except for supporters like Bicay and opponents like Zorthian, not many Altadena residents engaged in the debate around the countys original plan. Now, though, a larger agglomeration of residents and community groups have emerged to help steer the towns rebuild. There are nonprofit associations like Altadena Strong and Rebuild Altadena, existing preservation groups like Altadena Heritage, plus a new foundation run by real estate magnate Rick Caruso and an informal recovery council that Bicay serves on. The county will also convene its own commission. Other fire-struck areas in the Golden State have dealt with similar questions in recent years, with mixed results. The northern California mountain town of Paradise, for instance, saw a furious debate over where and how to rebuild after the deadly 2018 Camp Fire. It ended up imposing a strict barrier of undeveloped land that now functions as a firebreak. In Santa Rosa, meanwhile, the neighborhood of Coffey Park built back on its original footprint after the 2017 Tubbs Fire, with almost all residents returning to single-family homes that are still vulnerable to wildfire. Nicole Lambrou, an Altadena resident as well as an architect and urban planner at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, said that local governments vary in their commitment to changing the built environment when they rebuild after a fire. In many cases, she said, governments bow to political pressure from fire victims, scrap planned reforms and try to get everyone back in their homes as soon as possible. But such a rushed recovery is often bad for the long-term resilience of a community in the wildland-urban interface. Residents end up rebuilding the same flammable homes in the same vulnerable areas, ensuring future losses and more displacement. A lot of times the measure of success is, is it a one-to-one rebuild? That emphasis on building back what was there as soon as possible makes bypassing existing plans much easier, she said. On the other hand, she added, the scale of loss in a place like Altadena might force the community and its elected officials to reconsider the assumptions behind their previous commitment to more density  after all, the effort to build more homes is premised on the belief that Altadena is a safe place to live. The plan was put in place with a certain baseline of a built environment that is no longer there, she said. Bodek, the county planner, says she thinks that building more density in Altadenas downtown core is still the right move. As she sees it, to declare Altadena too risky would be to write off huge sections of Californias exurban sprawl, much of which sits well within range of flying embers from mountain fires. Im looking at this as a once in a lifetime, catastrophic event, she said. If this is going to be the new norm, then everyone, not just Altadena, but everyone in the entire state, is going to have to reassess their land use policies. That could mean the demise of, you know, 200 years of the way of life in California. And Im not going to go there. Correction An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that the Eaton Fire destroyed more than 9,000 homes in Altadena. It destroyed more than 9,000 structures including homes, school buildings, and businesses. A message from Grist is the only award-winning newsroom focused on exploring equitable solutions to climate change. Its vital reporting made entirely possible by loyal readers like you. At Grist, we dont believe in paywalls. Instead, we rely on our readers to pitch in what they can so that we can continue bringing you our solution-based climate news. Grist is the only award-winning newsroom focused on exploring equitable solutions to climate change. Its vital reporting made entirely possible by loyal readers like you. At Grist, we dont believe in paywalls. Instead, we rely on our readers to pitch in what they can so that we can continue bringing you our solution-based climate news. The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ There is a game children play called King of the Mountain. The rules vary, but generally, kids race to the top of a mound and push or wrestle until only one child stands and is declared the king. Displacing other children on the mound is the only way to win, and the game often rewards particularly vicious players  those who will bite, punch, and scratch to get to the top of the hill and win the title. Its a game the Trump administration is also keen on playing. But in this version, physical violence is replaced by aggressive tariffs, hostile dealings with foreign officials, and fraudulent business practices. Its also involved petty actions, changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico and punishing those who refuse to adhere to the order, and renaming Mount Denali, in Alaska, to Mount McKinley a change nobody  not even Republicans in Alaska  wanted. Denali is a Koyukon Athabascan word that means the high one  the tallest mountain in North America  and was referred to as Denali until 1896, when it was rechristened Mount McKinley by gold prospectors in honor of then-Republican presidential candidate William McKinley, a man who never visited the region. In 1975, Alaska legislators began petitioning the federal government to change the name back to Denali, and in 2015, the Obama administration did just that. All of our land places had Koyukuk and Athabascan names and identification markers before settler contact, said Sonia Vent, a Koyukuk Athabascan elder in southeast Alaska. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How Settler naming conventions, especially for mountains, often celebrate the accomplishments of a single president, explorer, or mountaineer, reinforcing the idea that the country was built by great individual men. Settlers rarely name mountains after women, but they often name them after breasts. The Teton Mountain range in Wyoming, for example, is French for breasts. There are also multiple hills named Mollys Nipple in Utah and a Nippletop Mountain in New York. Many geographic sites still bear derogatory terms for Indigenous women despite federal initiatives aimed at removing them. This feminization of the landscape reflects a history of gender-based violence, an idea captured by author Susan Schrepfer in her book Natures Altars. Nature was assumed to be feminine, but control over it was masculine, wrote Schrepfer. Rather than identifying a site embedded in time and place these designations celebrated taking possession as a manly act. In the early 1900s, domination of women and the environment was reflected in the acquisition of Native land and our erasure from the landscape. State and federal governments created a system of parks and reserves that professed to protect wildlife and landscapes, but also kicked tribes off the land with the assumption that settlers knew of better ways to steward the land. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How Mountains came to emulate in vertical space the social values of hierarchy and authority, Schrepfer wrote. President Donald Trump has been graphic in his characterization of this dominance, saying drill, baby, drill on the campaign trail and when he took office, asserting that the United States needs to enter an era of energy dominance. Even the term natural resource, frames mountains, plains, and bodies of water as resources for settler consumption. The idea is that Indigenous peoples are supposed to just go away, said Niiokamigaabaw Deondre Smiles, an Ojibwe geographer at the University of British Columbia. Renaming is saying, Now that weve conquered you, we can remake this space into something thats more beneficial to us. Stripping an Indigenous place name and imposing a new one on maps, atlases, and our phones navigational systems is an act of colonial dominance. Its about control, Smiles said. Its also about justice. Last year, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians achieved their goal of restoring the original name of Clingmans Dome, on the Tennessee-North Carolina border. The name is now Kuwahi meaning mulberry place in Tsalagi, the Cherokee language. And two years ago, in Colorado, Mt. Evans, a 14,000-foot peak overlooking Denver, was renamed Mt. Blue Sky after my tribe, the Arapaho, who are known as the Blue Sky People. The mountain was previously named for John Evans, Colorados territorial governor in the mid-1800s. However, recent reappraisals of the mans legacy  including his responsibility for the 1864 Sand Creek Massacre, which led to the deaths of 230 Cheyenne and Arapaho people  hastened the change. Many places have multiple Indigenous names, depending on whom you ask, but that complexity is difficult to capture on a map, where nuance is lost. The nations first national monument, Devils Tower, in northwest Wyoming, has as many as 20 different names such as Bears Tipi, Tree Rock, and Bear Lodge. Our officialdom doesnt really tolerate that, said Tom Thornton, a professor at the University of Alaska who studies Tlingit and anthropology. It depends on the capacity of the language to incorporate things like direction, action, relationality. A lot of other Native American languages are very good at that or have that capacity. In southeast Alaska alone, there are more than 3,500 documented Alaskan Native place names. Mt St. Elias is near Icy Bay, and the Tlingit name for the mountain is just that, Waseitushaa, meaning mountain at the head of Icy Bay. Elder Sonia Vent said care of the Earth is baked into Indigenous languages instead of elements of domination she sees in settlers names. To live a substance lifestyle you need that deep, deep love for the land. For all the animals and the plants and minerals around you, she said. When the United States bought Alaska from Russia in 1867, Native language speakers outnumbered those who spoke English. But English-only policies in boarding schools forbid the speaking of Native languages, so even though there are 20 Alaskan Native languages, nearly all are either endangered or extinct. Sea levels are rising, typhoons rip through communities, and increased erosion are driving people away from the coasts and changing traditional relationships with land. In Glacier Bay National Park, also in southeastern Alaska, Sitakaday Narrows is an incorrect interpretation of the Tlingit word Sít Eeti Geeyí, which means bay taking the place of the glacier. Thats one of those names that doesnt work well in English, said Thornton. But due to climate change, the glacier is slowly receding. The bay is now, literally, taking the place of the glacier. Agglutinative and polysynthetic describe most Alaskan Native languages, which just means they can accommodate lots of informational bits and terms as prefixes and suffixes, he said. To understand a place, one must understand language and vice versa To understand language, one must get to know the landscape in the same way one would get acquainted with another person. Its about connection, said Angela Gonzalez, an Athabascan writer in southeast Alaska. Its not just the name. Go out on the land and have tea as a way to connect with the land. She adds that spending time with rivers, mountains, and plains and learning their original names brings you closer to them, like any other friend. Last month Mt. Egmont, in Aotearoa New Zealand, regained its original name Mount Taranaki, from the Māori word for mountain peak. The name Egmont, applied by Captain James Cook in honor of his friend John Perceval Earl of Egmont, has been an intense subject of debate since the 1980s. Perceval was a leader in the British Royal Navy, but died before he learned the mountain was named after him. With the name change came something else Mount Taranaki was also granted personhood, ensuring legal protections for the mountain, its ecosystem, and its traditional relationship with Māori tribes. Mount Taranaki, and its legal protections are in stark contrast with how the United States regards Indigenous lands and peoples. Today Taranaki, our maunga mountain, our maunga tupuna ancestral mountain, is released from the shackles, said Debbie garewa-Packer, leader of the Māori Party, last month. The shackles of injustice, of ignorance. A message from Grist is the only award-winning newsroom focused on exploring equitable solutions to climate change. Its vital reporting made entirely possible by loyal readers like you. At Grist, we dont believe in paywalls. Instead, we rely on our readers to pitch in what they can so that we can continue bringing you our solution-based climate news. Grist is the only award-winning newsroom focused on exploring equitable solutions to climate change. Its vital reporting made entirely possible by loyal readers like you. At Grist, we dont believe in paywalls. Instead, we rely on our readers to pitch in what they can so that we can continue bringing you our solution-based climate news. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ Imagine 2200, Grists climate fiction initiative, celebrates stories that invite us to imagine the future we want  futures in which climate solutions flourish and we all thrive. Discover the 2025 contest winners. Or sign up for email updates to get new stories in your inbox. Its 6 a.m. and the heat is rising quicker than the sun. Today is going to be another hot, smoldering day, as it has been for the past six months  the only difference, the humidity. If I must be honest, I liked it better when the air was dry. We are blessed to be one of the families living with the new architecture. For centuries, Creole houses have been designed to have trade winds flow through them from east to west. With the rising heat and longer droughts, many families have migrated to constructions with rounder walls, like our West African siblings  made to avoid angles and the accumulation of heat. Still, with the change of the season, the level of moisture in the air is suffocating. Even inside our home, the ambient wetness hugs the skin and refuses to let go. I wish I were 3 years old, running around in my underwear all day. Back then, Mama would place soursop leaves and guinea mint in a tin bucket all day in the sun. In the evening, she would bathe me with the water. I would feel refreshed and sleep so soundly. At 17, that attire is no longer an option and a daily herbal bath would require way more water than we should spend. At least this present discomfort is a sign that the rains are coming. Mama is already clanking on pots, filling up a bowl with yam, cassava, and stewed meat. There is a flask of rum in her basket, some fruits, and, of course, gourds filled with fresh filtered water. By the large calabash and sweet scent hanging in the air, I know that she has made use of the freshest hours before sunrise to fire up the griddle and prepared coconut kassav  those sweet, goodness-filled pancakes made of cassava flour our Kalina ancestors have passed down to us. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How I give Mama a kiss and, like every morning, I pour water from our charcoal fountain into the moka pot  just enough. I pack the ground coffee in and I heat up the stove to distill Ma Nees morning brew. We are all going to the plateau today. It is time to lead our cattle to another spot, where  we hope  they will be able to graze on something that is not dry for a couple of days and have sufficient shade to escape the sharp bite of the sun. Mama thinks it would do Ma Nee some good to visit the familys plot. As a child, NeeNee  as they called her  would visit this place in the deep countryside of Saint Anns. She would run and play with her siblings in the savanna, at the foot of the mango and the guinep trees, under the watchful eyes of her own grandmother, who had been born right there and had played there as a girl herself. My grandmother has so many stories about this place from the time before the yearly droughts  stories from her childhood, from the generations before her but also legends of our island. Who knows? Going there might spark memories and keep her with us a bit longer. I pop a few slices of breadfruit cake in the oven and call Ma Nee to the kitchen. Mama is glad her mother still answers to her name and walks without a stick but I can tell she keeps a tight leash on her hopes. Precious little girl, she says with a gentle smile. Why you shout me name like dis? We a fi go home? Naty callin you for breakfast, Ma, Mama replies. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How Naty? She me daughter Maryse. Me know me own pickney, Ma Nee says, with a side eye. I Maryse, Ma. This me daughter, Naty. Mama does not skip a beat and leaves no room for further questions. Come get your breakfast, Ma. Naty done make that good coffee you like, from Gran Fon and the breadfruit cake is warmin up. Yes  Joy spreads all over Ma Nees face. You remembered. Get de coffee from de place  Then Mama joins Ma Nee and they finish the sentence together  where they did not grow bananas. Ma Nee laughs and it turns on a light in Mamas eyes. The truth is our island stopped the production of coffee in those areas decades before I was born. The French authorities had allowed the spraying of chlordecone on banana crops but never fully dealt with the leftover residue. Even though they claimed it was safe to grow fruit trees on top of polluted soil, the industry suffered from the bad publicity and only a few independent producers on our wing of the butterfly-shaped island still persist. Its almost 7 a.m. Papa is in the driver seat and Ma Nee is sitting next to him. Mama and I have hopped in the back of our familys old pickup. Each of us has grabbed our large bakwa before leaving. When we get there, the sun will already be fully at work and we will need the extra protection. These hats were once reserved for fishermen  no larger than shoulder-width and with a cone-like top to dissipate heat. They are now a necessity during the hotter months and are made quite large to protect the head and provide shade to the upper body. I love the short trip to Fon Limèl. Once we leave the public road, we plunge onto a tuff road that pretends to be neat for a while but quickly turns bumpy and is only an introduction to the next one  a dirt one  that is made of hills and valleys. Mama holds on to her hat and her basket. I too hold on to my bakwa and keep a hand on the railing. We pass the spot where Ma Nees grandmother was born. The house is no longer standing, but we always acknowledge it and lower our heads in a respectful nod. We drive on and pass through a majestic green arch formed by two giant mango trees that sit on both sides of the dirt road. It is said that Ma Nees grandfather, Papa Charles, once left his garden in Fon Limèl after sunset  a great taboo  but these trees are home to duppies that are known for being playful. The spirits started humming at him, louder and louder, but he knew you are not supposed to acknowledge them or things may get worse. Papa Charles put a little speed in his steps and did not look back. We park near the small pond where Mamas people have been fetching water for their animals since no one here can remember. Over the years, they have made it deeper and shaded it with trees to slow down evaporation. We all go to the one kapok tree  a majestic tree that itself is a piece of history. Mama digs a small hole between its huge roots. She hands the flask of rum to Ma Nee, who takes a swig and pours the rest in the hole. Papa places a square of banana leaf at the bottom of the hole, then Mama pours the yam, cassava, and stewed meat she had packed earlier. She fills the hole back in and hands me a small gourd of water. I take a swig and pour the rest on our gift to the ancestors. The soil is cracked and our cows look battered. Papa fixes his bakwa and goes to tend to them. Mama and I find shade under a very old and large guinep tree and sit with Ma Nee, who brushes the dry earth with the heel of her foot, eyes brimming with stories. She and Mama press their backs on the trunk and I sit facing Ma Nee. Me done fell here from this tree once, I tell my daughter and the nice woman who looks like her. Me done come here every Saturday with me Mommy and me sisters. Me brother older than we so he dont want to come. He stay home doing big boy business. But I here, on we family land with Tòtò, Sy, Mommy, and me grandmother, Ma Nò. I see the curiosity in their faces. They want to hear the story of how I fell, but I am tired and the heat is oppressive. Guadeloupe has always been hot  we are in the Caribbean, after all  but I do remember days when people just left a metal barrel by their gardens and it was enough water to sustain production for an entire family. Six months without rain was a phenomenon that was unheard of. As a child, I used to enjoy the dry season. I did not truly know what the cracks in the soil meant, but I enjoyed leaping over them. They made me feel like the world was about to open beneath my feet and I would be able to explore the depths of the Earth. Now these cracks have become rifts and, indeed, you could dive deep into their darkness. They have become traps where cattle  and uncareful children  can lose a leg. And to think that we were once called the Isle of Beautiful Waters  In a way, we have taken a path that has led us away from this name. In a way only  The waters are still beautiful. The issue is that some of them are polluted. France did we dirty with dat chlordecone. Yes, Ma, the woman says. She has a sadness to her. Perhaps I can change that. Me done tell you already how we island came to be? My daughter looks not quite like my daughter, but I recognize these eyes. They are round and have an appetite for the world. De goddess Atabey was bathing in de Caribbean Sea. Beautiful she was with her golden bracelets, her queenly earrings, and her wonderfully carved golden half-moon hanging between her breasts. Her husband, Sukaimo, had offered her a necklace made of precious pearls and a butterfly she did wear with pride. One day, she done learn of his indiscretions. You see, Sukaimo was known for having a soft spot in his heart for beautiful women. Atabey was so smitten by grief and anger. She did snatch de necklace from her own neck and threw de pearls across de Caribbean Sea. Dem became de islands and de butterfly became Guadeloupe. And why is it called  I do not recognize this child. Is Maryse old enough to have a daughter this age? Precious little girl, do you know Maryse? And why is it called the Isle of Beautiful Waters? Naty asks. My mother looks confused. Precious little girl, do you know Maryse? Ma asks. Yes, Ma. She turns to look at me. Shes my daughter. She beautiful. She look like you when you was her age. I no look beautiful now, Mommy? I laugh. Yes, baby! She takes my hand in her wrinkled ones and for a moment, stares at me with a smile until I can tell that this reality has dissolved and she has moved to a different one. She lets go of my hand. Naty, dahling. Perhaps, you can refresh Ma Nees memory, I say to my daughter. Then I pretend I am listening to this story I have heard countless times and hope none of them can guess that, inside, I am screaming. I want to hold on to my mother but I truly do not know how long I will be able to keep her at home. Legend tells us of an Arawak princess who lived on the island Waitukubuli  Dominica today. Her true name has been lost to the millennia, but she called herself Anuk. She was forbidden to bathe alone in the rivers. At the time, the gods roamed the Earth and the blue serpent god, Iniki, younger brother to Quetzalcoatl, had taken the habit of leaving Abya Yala, the continent, which was too crowded by other gods. So he went to the islands and bathed in their waters. He loved Waitukubuli above all. Anuks father did not want her to fall prey to the blue serpent god. He was known to devour young, beautiful flesh. But the princess had a mind of her own, and in her fathers short absence, she went to the river and bathed alone in a plunge basin. Alas, within minutes, the water started gurgling and a giant blue snake slithered up from the depths. He was magnificent  scales blue as the sea, eyes and underbelly yellow. He had feathers on the back of his head, the colors of the rainbow. The princess was not afraid. She let the snake coil around her legs and around her belly. Together, they danced in the water for hours. When she came back to her village that same night, her belly was round and full. This made her father angry and he banished her to the butterfly island, which was dry like the desert. Anuk was sad and alone, but not for long. Instead of a child, she laid a multitude of eggs. When they hatched, they became the fierce Kalina people. Their father, the blue serpent god Iniki, called upon the waters and created cascades, rivers, and ponds of all sizes. The land became lush and the Kalina people lived in abundance on the butterfly island they now called Caloucaera, the Isle of beautiful waters. My daughter has a hunger for the stories. She knows them all and is always eager to hear them once more. At her age, I was very different. My excitement was reserved for other things. I must say it feels good to see her take after my own mother and keep the tradition. All our phones ding at the same time. That is the sound of an official alert. I look and, indeed, there is news. Naty, go tell your father we must change our plans. The hurricane that was coming to Antigua is headed further south  straight for us. We were only expecting bad weather, but it will be a storm. We are used to them now, but we have work to do. I turn to my mother. Ma, now I understand why the weather so humid and hot today. A hurricane comin. A big one. Ah  It go be like Hugo in 1989? Ma, you know they changed. You was little pickney in 1989. It was serious business! she emphasizes. Oh  I know, Ma. Me seen the archives. Today, they all worse. Only the smallest ones is like Hugo. Ah  My mother opens her mouth in astonishment. But dont worry, Ma. Its early. We still have some time to snack on the kassav and we can head home to prepare. It is 530 p.m. and night is already claiming the rays of the sun. Mama, Papa, and I have joined the neighbors to bar windows and put tape on any exposed glass. Those who live in more fragile housing secure space for themselves and their families with other members of the community. Our communal water cisterns have been protected from harsh wind and any debris that may contaminate them. Mama and I have made sure our dry food reserves are where we need them to be. Now, my favorite part begins. We prepare the candles and some snacks so we can tell each other stories during the worst of the storm to keep everyone calm. Ma Nee, will you tell me again the story of the Africans coming to Guadeloupe? I step into my grandmothers room and she is not there. Mama, is Ma Nee with the neighbors? No. She is home! What do you mean? I dislike being outside when the sun is already setting but I know its not proper of me to abuse these peoples kindness. I have to go home. There should be a June plum tree here. And this road should be dirt, not asphalt. I might be lost. With some luck, Papa Charles will be coming from his garden soon. Hell help me. Let me have a seat. Its too dark now, where is Papa Charles? Papa Charles? If I call him out loud, maybe he will come. I think he cannot see me in the pitch black. Papa Charles! Me want go home. Tell Mommy, me want go home! I start to cry. Duppies fi get me on de road. Me scared. We have looked in the kitchen garden. We have scoured the backyards of our closest neighbors, and there is no sign of my mother. Darkness is fully here and with the storm coming, they are going to cut electricity everywhere. We need to find her. I must not let Naty see my distress but I am terrified of what could happen. Naty, baby. I steady my voice as much as I can. Give me a torchlight. I go see Aunt Tòtòs old house. You go with your Papa and see around the bakers. She always lookin for sweet things. Why did I refuse to put a tracker on her? Hurricanes make landfall at night. We only have about 90 minutes before the first winds. Me sorry, Mommy. Me sorry. Youre okay Ma Nee. Youre okay. Papa Charles angry wit me? Nobodys angry, Ma Nee. Youre good. We go home now? Yes, Ma Nee. Im taking you home. Your daughter waitin fi you. Its 8 p.m. Ma Nee was out for at least two hours and most of it in darkness. Both she and Mama look quite shaken. Papa does his best to lighten the mood with jokes and rubbed shoulders. But the anxiety that just visited us is only turning away to leave space for the hurricane, which is no comfort. Naty, baby. Tell us a story. Mama asks. There was a time when the Kalina gods would spend their leisure time observing and visiting Caloucaera. It was such a quiet island with beautiful waters and a powerful but peaceful people. One day, boats were spotted from afar. They were large constructions of wood that somehow did not sink into the sea. They seemed to be pushed by clouds of cloth and slid as oil toward the island. The Kalina people did not fully understand what was happening, but were hospitable. They were horrified when the spirits of the sea coming off the boats, the Palanakiłi, returned their welcome with attacks on their families. The Kalina chased them all away, but they had underestimated the Palanakiłis greed. They came back with more boats, more weapons, and something special in the bellies of their ships. The war being waged on the beach was parallel by another one in the heavens. The Kalina god Hurakan gathered his winds and attacked the fleets that had not yet landed. When he was about to unleash the worst of his fury, he was interrupted by Yemọja, goddess of the sea and mother to those made cargo. She pleaded with Hurakan for the lives of her children. But in order to save them, she had to save the Palanakiłi as well. This is how the ugliest of trades started on our beautiful island and in the Americas. For centuries after that, it is said that Yemọja and Hurakan conspired and finally managed to get rid of this evil. The legends say that it required them to sacrifice a lot of their powers. That is why they have trusted us with the responsibility to make sure that this scourge never comes back. The winds outside are rising and I look up, in the candlelight, to see Ma Nee falling asleep. Lily Séjor is a writer from Guadeloupe a butterfly-shaped island in the Caribbean. She is a Black woman of trans experience, currently residing in Paris, at the intersection of multiple marginalized identities so much free paint for her canvas. Her writing can be found in AfroTrans, an anthology 2021, and various places online. Raised in the desert of Phoenix, Arizona, and now living among the trees in Portland, Oregon, Victor Bizar Gómez is a Mexican American illustrator and painter who is doing what he can to continue existing. Gómez graduated in 2018 with a BFA in illustration from Pacific Northwest College of Art. At the Green Nigeria Youths Fellowship, Eketi tries to find her voice. A seed researcher meets a mysterious spirit in the field, leaving both with a choice about where they will call home. When automated ships threaten their recovering ecosystem, it falls to Ah Ma and the crew of the Mousedeer to fight back. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ Emily Pontecorvo is a reporter at Grist Last November, in a vast conference hall at a Marriott hotel in New Orleans, utility executive Kim Greene took the stage. Greene, the CEO of Southern Company Gas, a Georgia-based conglomerate that owns gas utilities across four states, was the first to speak on a panel titled The Role for Natural Gas in Americas Clean Energy Future. Natural gas is foundational to Americas clean energy future, she started, before proceeding to tell the audience about the nations 2.6 million miles of pipelines that deliver gas to 187 million Americans and 5.5 million businesses. These customers are depending on our energy every day, she said. So as we look to the clean energy future, the most practical, realistic way to achieve a sustainable future where energy is clean, safe, reliable, resilient, and affordable, is to ensure that includes natural gas. The statement, with its head-scratching, circular logic, may sound aimed at an audience of oil and gas industry executives, or perhaps an earnings call. But the seats were filled with utility commissione... Read more Emily Pontecorvo Regulation The Treasury Departments definition will affect billions of dollars in federal subsidies for the nascent industry. The pioneering project cuts cement from the recipe and replaces it with industrial waste and carbon dioxide captured from the atmosphere. The group will focus on permanent removal, distancing itself from temporary solutions and traditional offsets. There is just no excuse for the rise in methane emissions last year, IEA director says. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ This story is co-published with Arizona Luminaria and is part of The Human Cost of Conservation, a Grist series on Indigenous rights and protected areas. This transcript has been edited for length and clarity. On a breezy spring day, Lorraine Eiler, a member of the Hia-Ced Oodham tribe, walked with me around the border of Quitobaquito Springs  a strawberry-shaped oasis in the Sonoran Desert near Pima County, Arizona. Her family has lived in the area for generations. If you do research on Quitobaquito, the majority of times you will read about the cattlemen that lived here in the area, about the people that went through Quitobaquito, she said. You hear nothing about the fact that its an old Indian village. It was abundant. Now, its just  well, you see what it looks like. The first thing you notice most about Quitobaquito Springs is the trees. Its the only source of water for miles in the desert and the lush vegetation around it is stark against the dry tan and khaki landscape and occasional organ pipe cactus. The second thing you notice the border wall, 30 feet tall, just feet from the waters edge. I asked Eiler how the landscape compares to her early memories of the site. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How Barren, she said. Very, very barren. For thousands of years, people have used Quitobaquito as a place to trade, to grow food, and to rest. The springs also provided water for animals in a region where its hard to come by. Quitobaquitos springs are still sacred to Oodham people today and several of Eilers relatives, for example, are buried here. It has always been a place of refuge, a place of survival for anybody and anything thats ever crossed through that territory, said Amy Juan, a member of the Tohono Oodham Nation and the Tohono Oodham Hemajkam Rights Network, a collective of college students and youth focused on issues impacting Tohono Oodham peoples. In the 1900s, the springs and the surrounding area were selected by the U.S. government for conservation and given one of the highest levels of environmental protection in the world. But today, Quitobaquitos sacred springs are drying up. So what went wrong? Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How Quitobaquito Springs is part of the Oodham peoples traditional homelands  especially the Tohono and Hia-Ced Oodham nations. Before it was part of a National Park, before Arizona became a state in 1912, and even before there was an international border, the springs were really more like a marsh. Water flowed into the wetlands, feeding the gardens of squash, corn, and melons in the middle of the desert. But settlers, warfare, and political decisions in the 1800s dispossessed the Oodham of their lands and carved the region into pieces. First, the U.S.Mexico border split Oodham communities, separating families and cutting people off from their lands. Decades later, the U.S. government seized Oodham lands by congressional act, and, without a treaty, pushed the Tohono Oodham onto a reservation. Meanwhile, lawmakers created more policies intended to protect Quitobaquitos fragile ecosystem. In 1937, President Franklin Roosevelt used the newly claimed lands surrounding Quitobaquito Springs to create Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument. In the early days of the National Park Service, parks were mostly created with entertainment, sightseeing, and aesthetic beauty in mind. The agency believed that these areas should be kept wild, and protected from human interference. But what they missed was that places like Quitobaquito were already a product of thousands of years of human maintenance  and that the park still had people in it. For instance, the Oroscos, a Hia-Ced Oodham family, were living in Quitobaquito Springs at the time when the park was created. They stayed in the area long after many tribal members were pushed out.The familys animals, buildings, and machinery didnt match the agencys vision of a wild, peopleless park. Finally, after decades of pressure, the National Park Service purchased the land for 13,000, bulldozed the Oroscos home, dug out a bigger collecting pond for water from the spring, and built a parking lot nearby to attract visitors. There was this idea that you would take the people out of living in these protected spaces, but they could come and they could visit and they could enjoy the natural environment, and we would protect that environment up to an extent, said Rebecca Tsosie, an attorney and professor at the James E. Rogers College of Law at the University of Arizona. But Indigenous presence is vital to the stewardship of the land. Without livestock to graze by the waters edge, cattails invaded the pond, decreasing water flow. The decrease in water flow led to sediment build up, and in 1962, that increased sediment prompted park officials to dredge the pond. But dredging made the water too deep and too cold for the Sonoyta pupfish, one of the two endangered species endemic to the area. This forced the Park Service to build a kind of shelf in the pond so the fish could live in warmer waters. At the same time, the nearby parking lot meant visitors had easy access to the water, and one park visitor released a golden shiner into the pond  a fish so well suited to the springs it started outcompeting the pupfish and driving it toward extinction. Once park officials realized this, they removed the pupfish, poisoned the pond to get rid of the golden shiners, refilled the pond, and then put the pupfish back in. On a recent visit to Quitobaquito, I managed to spy a few pupfish  brown slivers of movement in the shallow waters of the springs. Tyler Coleman, a biologist and researcher with the National Park Service, told me that one of the biggest threats to the species today is low water levels. Ever since the 1990s, which saw a long term drought in the region, Quitobaquito has been drying up. So the little water that is produced in the Sonoran Desert is really valuable, he told me. He pointed to the main springhead, a trickle of water which he described as a crack in the side of the mountain. Any amount lost is going to be a problem. The decline of the springs has been attributed to drought, climate change, and the expansion of nearby farming that taps into the natural underground aquifers. Then the border wall came. In 2020, the U.S. government began building the controversial wall along the U.S.Mexico border, 30 feet high, that cut across the entire southern edge of the park. Crews drilled for groundwater near the declining springs that they used to make cement. Unfortunately, during that period of time, the water levels started going down and the pond itself right in the center just became dry, which was something new, Eiler said. Its not entirely clear if border wall construction caused water levels to drop. And we may never know, because the Trump administration waived all environmental assessments in the name of national security. The United States has some of the best environmental laws of any nation in the world, said Tsosie. But on the border, they wanted a full-scale, speedy construction of the border wall. So they bypassed all of those things. In 2022, the Park Service relined the pond, with support from the International Sonoran Desert Alliance, a nonprofit organization that Lorraine Eiler works with. People from U.S. government agencies and the Tohono Oodham nation worked to delicately scoop the turtles and pupfish into holding tanks until the lining was replaced and the pond was refilled. But restoration is ongoing and its not yet clear whether or not these efforts will restore water levels  or how long that fix will last. Whatever was here is gone, Eiler said. We can try to make it. Well never get to the point of what it used to look like. And it all depends on water. Around the world, in the face of biodiversity loss and climate change, there are calls to expand protected areas like Quitobaquito  though, as the springs show, a designation doesnt guarantee protection. Last December, 196 countries agreed to 3030, a global goal to conserve 30 percent of the worlds lands and waters by 2030. The U.S. has its own version of that project, called America the Beautiful. Many of the areas targeted for protection under these policies are in Indigenous territories or on lands integral to Indigenous peoples livelihoods, and many have not sought consent from those communities or integrated their knowledge or practices in protection plans. I think a lot of the border violence, a lot of the impacts on the Tohono Oodham, those are invisible when youre visiting Quitobaquito, Tsosie said. That cultural landscape is part of the environmental landscape. And we need to steward that and protect it and care for it just as we do those endangered species. Amy Juan agrees that Quitobaquito needs to be protected, but from a country that has caused more harm to the springs than good, not from the people who have cared for it for generations. Sometimes it feels out of our hands, she said. But what we can control and what we can continue to do is make sure that we maintain these traditions, these ceremonies, these connections, because once we let go of them, once we lose them, once we dont maintain them, that just continues to hurt who we are as Oodham. Were desert people. We have to take care of all these things that make us who we are. A message from Grist is the only award-winning newsroom focused on exploring equitable solutions to climate change. Its vital reporting made entirely possible by loyal readers like you. At Grist, we dont believe in paywalls. Instead, we rely on our readers to pitch in what they can so that we can continue bringing you our solution-based climate news. Grist is the only award-winning newsroom focused on exploring equitable solutions to climate change. Its vital reporting made entirely possible by loyal readers like you. At Grist, we dont believe in paywalls. Instead, we rely on our readers to pitch in what they can so that we can continue bringing you our solution-based climate news. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Only 20 miles from Italys capital, Isola Sacra was ignored for years but now Royal Caribbean has plans to turn it into a major new port On a cloudy day in January, Isola Sacra, a hamlet in Fiumicino, 20 miles from Rome, does not look like a place that would attract masses of tourists. Low-rise family homes with small gardens alternate with meadows and fields and life has the sedate pace of a provincial town. An old lighthouse now lies in ruins and not far away is the darsena dei bilancioni, the beach that takes its name from the stilt houses, or bilancioni, once used for fishing. But this coastal spot at the mouth of the Tiber River is at the centre of a controversy threatening its future tranquility. It is the intended site of a new port called Fiumicino Waterfront, a joint venture between the cruise company Royal Caribbean and the British investment fund Icon Infrastructure. Local authorities support the project because they believe it will bring in tourism, but many grassroots groups oppose it because of the impact they think it will have on the marine environment. The lighthouse and the bilancioni are a natural film set. Actors like Charlize Theron, Andy Garcia and Uma Thurman have come here, says Gianfranco Miconi, who is nicknamed Attila. He is a retired 72-year-old who, for the past 30 years, has been living in and renovating one of the stilt houses now threatened with demolition. This is a lovely place, he says. If it looks degraded, its because authorities never took care of it. For many years the area has been unloved. In 2010, plans were signed off for the construction of what would have been the largest marina in the Mediterranean, comprising four large docks, a hotel and convention centre, commercial spaces and luxury flats. But two years later, the developer, Francesco Bellavista Caltagirone, was arrested for fraud he was later acquitted and the project was abandoned for another decade. Then, three years ago, the land was bought by Royal Caribbean for 12m 10m. It later sold 90 of its holding to Icon, with permission to transform the port into a facility specifically for cruise ships. Now, as well as berths for hundreds of smaller boats, there will be one dock for Oasis-class cruise liners, which were the worlds largest and longest passenger ships until 2023. At 72 metres high, they are twice the height of Fiumicinos lighthouse and can carry up to 5,000 passengers. They say this port will bring work, says Giancarlo Petrelli, a retired engineer who is part of the Tables of the Port, a group of local associations that has been fighting the development plans since 2010. But in these cases the sailors are not hired locally and the tourists wont be interested in Fiumicino, but in Rome. Does no one think about the traffic and pollution generated by 5,000 people going to and from Rome? There is already a port that serves Rome  Civitavecchia  but the new facility will provide extra capacity for the cruise industry. Petrelli also worries about the impact on coastal erosion. The most significant legacy of the original port plan is an 800-metre-long breakwater. This altered the currents by taking sand from the beaches of Focene and Fregene, which lie just north of Isola Sacra. The breakwater has altered the marine ecosystem, he says. Now theres only sand, but in the past there used to be shellfish, such as tellins, and octopuses. Fiumicinos waters are shallow to make room for large ships, developers would need to extract more than 3m cubic metres of sand. About a third of it will be used to replenish the beaches in Fregene and Focene, according to the project plans. Federica Giunta, an anthropologist who lives in Fiumicino and belongs to the Collettivo No Porto protest group, is concerned that the breakwater would have to be extended to 1,200 metres. On top of that, she says, the entire coastline will be cemented over, since a separate port to house the fishing fleet is being built not far away. For Pietro Spirito, former president of the Central Tyrrhenian Sea Authority and professor at Romes Mercatorum University, the issue is not so much the port itself but its ownership. Although it is not uncommon for cruise lines to own land where they dock, these are usually small private islands or beaches. An island is one thing being 20km from the capital of Italy is another, he says. The precedent that would be set would leave other companies free to create their private stopovers inside public places. Opponents of the scheme are holding on to some hope. The Italian government included the project among the programme of works for the Catholic jubilee year, a celebration that happens once every quarter-century and runs until January 2026. Yet building has yet to begin, held up by further assessments and objections. Nevertheless, Royal Caribbean plans to have some ships visit by November, the company says. The idea is to have them anchor off the coast and then bring passengers ashore in smaller boats. Defending its plans, a spokesperson for Fiumicino Waterfront said it believed the port would provide a solution for a real need. The company said Italy needed more berths for tourist ships and the port infrastructure in Lazio, the region around Rome, lags behind in quality and quantity of offerings compared with its main competitor, the Barcelona terminal. The spokesperson added that the project would employ about 7,000 people  2,000 in constructing the port and 5,000 when the work was completed. They said that only one cruise ship at a time would be allowed to dock in Fiumicino and to reduce emissions the ships would connect to the onshore electricity supply rather than using the diesel generators that typically power moored cruise ships. Mario Baccini, mayor of Fiumicino, views the new port as a historic opportunity, which will change the city for the better and at no cost to the municipality. He believes the town will become a nerve centre of tourism. Cruise ships, he says, will dock for less than 50 of the days of the year, adding that the real risk is not the ships, but not having the full potential that Fiumicino has. Back on the beach in Isola Sacra, sunset is approaching and Attila stops to look out of the window of his stilt house. I dont know anything about bureaucracy, he says. I just know that this is the most beautiful place in the world and I have no intention of leaving unless I am dead. This article was amended on 6 March 2025 because an earlier version said that the proposed port would have two docks for Oasis-class cruise liners. In fact, it will have one.

Allendale, Northumberland After catching the males courtship display, I spy their home  only a metre above the water Its early morning by the river and the frost is melting from the grass as the sun warms the back of my trousers. Cold doesnt linger much at this time of year. The water is a deep black blue, though the sky is still pale. On the bend below the twisted Scots pine, its branches layered as in a Japanese garden, are a pair of dippers. His white chest flashes as he bobs up and down, stubby tail jerking with synchronicity. Ive been watching this pair for a few days now. Both sexes are almost identical, though the male dipper is slightly larger, but its their behaviour that makes it obvious whos who. Shes standing on a rock, preening in a disinterested sort of way as if filing her nails, while he does an energetic dance, strands of nest material dangling from his beak. Up and down the river, white splashes on boulders trace the dippers passage. The male flies to a rock in the middle of the river, where the current is fast, and slips smoothly into the flow. He pops back up, putting on a show, wings held away from his body, chirping loudly. She must have been impressed, because she responds by flying under the bank, where a nest site is hidden from view. Its below a cascade of red-brown roots of pine, torn and exposed by flood, and a flowering gorse bush that teeters on the brink. This is where the river sweeps round in an accelerated bend, and is a dangerous place to nest just a metre above water level. A summer spate and the next deluge could take it all away. A dippers nest is a circular dome made from moss, lined in grass stems and leaves. He tugs at fine strands of root and carries them up and under the overhang. Both sexes nest-build and she will lay four to six eggs. Theres something special about knowing about this hidden spot, a secret Im let into. Ill keep an eye on the pair on my walks and hope they dont get flooded out. Raising life on this riverbank is a precarious business. Under the Changing Skies The Best of the Guardians Country Diary, 2018-2024 is out now, with a 15 discount at guardianbookshop.com

