Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily In partnership with the Saudi Fashion Commission, it will be the third iteration of the annual prize for sustainable start-ups following China and Japan. PARIS  The next gen has a new location. Kerings Generation Award is expanding to the Middle East in partnership with the Saudi Fashion Commission. The French group launched the award in China in 2018 and Japan earlier this year, and will now expand the concept to Saudi Arabia to boost sustainable innovation for fashion in the region. We firmly believe that the future of luxury is built on sustainable innovation and engaging the next generation. This partnership with the Fashion Commission of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, through the expansion of our Kering Generation Award, reflects our commitment to driving meaningful change in the Saudi fashion industry, said Kering chief sustainability and institutional affairs officer Marie-Claire Daveu. Related Articles Fashion Scoops Kering Taps Malika Favre for International Womens Day Artwork Retail EXCLUSIVE Gabriela Hearst Flags Retail Expansion With Second Pop-up Shop at Le Bristol Inspired by our vision of Crafting Tomorrows Luxury, we look forward to seeing the talent and innovation that will emerge from this new edition of our award as we continue to foster the relationship between sustainability and creativity, she said. You May Also Like Saudi Fashion Commission chief executive officer Burak Çakmak welcomed the new regional award. We are delighted to partner with Kering, whose commitment to sustainability aligns with our mission to foster a forward-thinking, eco-conscious fashion ecosystem in Saudi Arabia. Together, we aim to set new standards for sustainability and innovation in the region, Çakmak said. Çakmak has been busy laying the groundwork and infrastructure to build a fashion industry in Saudi Arabia, and one that is sustainable, responsible and inclusive. Winners will be invited to the Kering headquarters in Paris for networking and mentoring, as well as awarded a booth at next years ChangeNow Summit, set to take place in April at the Grand Palais. On Tuesday, the Kering team and Saudi Fashion Commission made it official with a signing ceremony at the Ministry of Culture in Riyadh. The first round of the prize is expected to take place in the first quarter of 2025. Members of the jury for the new award include Daveu Miral Youssef, Kering president Middle East and Africa and WWD chief executive officer Amanda Smith. The Gucci, Saint Laurent and Balenciaga parent company launched the Kering Generation Award to honor start-ups focused on sustainability in the fashion space and encourage new thinking about the way the fashion industry produces clothing and uses resources. The Chinese version of the top prize comes with a 100,000 euro grant, and the winner of the Japanese version is paired with a 10 million yen purse to fast-track sustainable innovation in the luxury fashion and beauty sector. The Japanese version of the prize was launched in March, with the winner to be announced early next year. Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily Gerardi is currently training for her upcoming space mission in 2026. The founder first used the floral motif in the 1940s. Steve Maddens spring 25 line includes more nods to the brands 90s roots with new styles. Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. The collection features ballerina flats, sabots, loafers and slipper models. The footwear designer sold a 30 percent stake in his namesake brand in 2014. The brands first Florida location is Blahniks third store in the U.S. market. The reduced schedule didnt shop designers from going big with shoes. The designer is unveiling his first collection as creative director of the Italian brand, taking it into a This marks the first footwear collaboration for the mens and womens apparel brand. Galaxy Universal has taken over Reeboks footwear operations, retail stores and e-commerce, as well as Designer Trevor Houston has always been an avid fan of brand founders Herbert and Beth Levine. New silhouettes are introduced and existing styles are reinterpreted in this collection. The London company has been owned by Cinven since 2015. The new shoe collection will retail between 195 to 495. Jean-Luc Diard has been instrumental in the creation of the companys new super sneaker. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily Increasingly putting his own spin on the brand, Stefano Gallici offered a change of scenery for its dark romantic aesthetics, inspired by a recent trip to Los Angeles. WWD Correspondent Stefano Gallici is a wanderer. Beyond his physical travels documented through Polaroids and personal writings, his creative mind metaphorically roams in a non-linear way, freely moving between past and present, across personal memories and plenty of music and literary references. Journeys must fascinate the designer more than destinations and the one he embarked on since getting promoted to lead Ann Demeulemeester in 2023 offers him vast lands to explore. If exactly last year he compared such an exercise to wandering around a forest, for fall 2025 he seems to have switched to rugged deserts, inspired by a recent trip to Los Angeles that ignited many of his passions, including thrifting and collecting anything from vintage clothes to vinyl. The youthful, rebellious characters that walked his compelling show exuded a free-spirited, rock attitude and Western nods in their lived in-like outfits that infused new energy in the brands dark romantic aesthetic. You May Also Like As he gains confidence, Gallici used this grit to reinvigorate the elements hes anchoring his vision on, such as different takes on tailoring, heavy layering, distressed effects and the interplay between rawness and delicacy. Thick leather and shearling biker jackets and trenchcoats with a rusty, worn-out patina and disheveled feel were layered over ruffled shirts, lingerie-inspired satin and lace separates or juxtaposed with the shiny, billowing textures of a dress and robe printed with Gallicis handwriting. Suppler leather alternatives included vests and flared pants with criss-cross detailing on the sides and long laces dragging out the runway  a silhouette that was also seen in the mannish, retro-tinged pinstripe tailoring. These ranged from the new, shrunken proportions and extra-fitted shape of stiff four-button jackets to the stark black pieces that closed the show and evoked American artist Georgia OKeeffes austere personal style. The sharpness of the collarless coats with oversized shoulder constructions contrasted with the DIY appeal of knitwear, spanning from a poncho doubling as shearling-lookalike outerwear to a distressed, gauzy-textured white dress. Collection Gallery 36 Photos View Gallery Reinforcing the Western narrative and winking to music-festival attire, Gallici peppered looks with cowboy boots, fringed bags and dangling jewelry. He also secured his first collaboration in the accessories category, tying up with Ray-Ban on an oversized version of its signature aviator sunglasses, which will come in three colors and with a beaded chain. Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily Adding to the buzz at the trade show was the excitement surrounding The Circle, a new initiative by White New research sheds light on the lifestyle aspirations, relocation plans and succession strategies of The three-day trade show featured 225 exhibitors. Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. CEOs from Michael Kors, Versace and Jimmy Choo gave insights into their growth strategies. Brands and retailers at Man  Woman and Welcome Edition are centering on operational resilience. The ultra high-end seafood chain, which is approaching two decades in business, will open a new location by La Ligne is getting ready to open its eighth store in Nashville. Labels showing at the Salon International de la Lingerie in Paris are reinforcing brand DNA and homing in on Under Haddads guidance, the company bearing his name established a clear niche in the childrenswear and Vera Wang will continue in her role as founder and chief creative officer and will join WHP as a shareholder Mara Hoffman, The Vampires Wife, Interior, Calvin Luo, and Harlow were among the brands that were shuttered Spanning over 19,000 square feet and three floors, the British auction houses new premises feature flexible Larsen will race in a suit and car adorned with the brands signature red, white and blue. In collaboration with the supermodel, Triarchy has captured eight signature looks through a photograph and Donner was known as an aggressive salesman with an over-the-top fashion sense. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily Rei Kawakubo managed to express femininity, strength and hope with the most improbable, extreme shapes. WWD Editor, International Paris Fashion Week has surprised with the return of historical silhouettes, not only recent decades but times much, much further in the rear-view mirror. So what to make of Rei Kawakubos grandiose silhouettes at Comme des Garçons, vaguely reminiscent of La Belle Époque and from another planet at the same time? The impact of her latest collection crept up on you as you realized how gifted she is with colors, fabric mixing, and the ability to express femininity, strength and hope with the most improbable, extreme shapes. Being handed a piece of paper printed with the designers deep thoughts before the show felt like a gift and also a curse, because her words invariably ring true, but the design expression is not always linear. Recently, we feel that big business, big culture, global systems, world structures maybe are not so great after all, she wrote. There is also strong value in small. Small can be mighty. You May Also Like There was nothing small about any of these stiff, sculpted outfits, variously bulging, dimpled, crimped, knotted or jutting. Kawakubo seemed to subvert the signposts of corporate life with the undulating structure in navy pinstripes that opened the display Imagine if a business suit had swallowed a string quartet. More ensembles tailored in this cubist style followed, in houndstooth, Prince of Wales check and gray flannel, one featuring swollen pants with craters in lieu of pockets. Pinstripes recurred as a vest exploding off the body thanks to its lining of dense white ruffles, and as a dress garlanded with strips of wadding-backed fabric. Then came the tartans, colorful satins and velvets festooned with ruffles, bows or silk flowers, all layered and jumbled to dazzling effect. By the time the finale look trundled out on her narrow, raised plywood runway  a sublime, abstract take on the tuxedo with a long, fluffy train  many were dreaming of seeing these looks added to the hit exhibition currently on at the Louvre, which pairs contemporary fashions and accessories with historical objects in its vast decorative arts department. Collection Gallery 20 Photos View Gallery To be sure, Comme des Garçons remains a small player in todays fashion landscape, but Kawakubo is usually the mighty one that sticks her neck out the furthest, and touches your heart. Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission Advice on work, parenting, relationships and mental health from someone who has failed spectacularly and also succeeded at all four. Advice on work, parenting, relationships and mental health from someone who has failed spectacularly and also succeeded at all four. Dear Emily, I dont know how the hell to talk to my friends who are new moms. Its an age-old conundrum, certainly, but it feels like the stakes have ratcheted up significantly this year. Im 31, so my friends have been settling down, getting married, and buying houses for years at this point. Where Im from, women start getting engaged at 25, sometimes earlier. But this year was the first that I felt being the only single person in every room  family included  and its been really isolating. I hope to head down the path of motherhood someday, but at the moment, it feels like my mom friends and I are living in different universes. On the one hand, I understand why its becoming more and more difficult to stay close friends, especially with those who have newborns. Everything happening in their lives feels urgent, so its not realistic to expect them to pick up the phone and make time to chat aimlessly about Housewives. But on the other  and this is going to sound selfish and a little out of touch  Im getting sick of being the last person asked how theyre doing at every dinner table. I am making efforts to understand what their new lives are like, but the only consistent questions I get about my own are hows dating, seems fun or very simplistic questions about work without much follow-up. Friendships ebb and flow, and Ive seen that happen throughout my life. Some of my best childhood friends have come back around and are now important fixtures in my life 20 years later. And Im sure that these friendships will get back to some semblance of normalcy when my friends arent so worried about feeding schedules and learning developments. But for now, Im really sad about my life taking a back seat to everyone elses, and not sure how to stay involved without getting resentful. I know ten years from now, Ill be going to these same friends for advice when I have a child of my own. In the meantime, I just want to make sure we dont lose or severely damage the friendship. What should I do? Sincerely, The Last Single Girl on Earth Dear Last Single Girl on Earth, To think through your very good question, I reread Allison P. Daviss magnum opus on this subject, Why Cant Our Friendship Survive Your Baby? I recommend doing the same if you havent read it recently. In it, Davis talks to people from both sides of the kid-having divide and gets them to open up about how their friendships have changed. She is also candid about how her own child-free life has distanced her from some of her closest friends. This is the line that stands out to me the most Everyone is right to feel how they feel, and everyone is being just a little bit of an asshole, but eventually the dynamic rights itself, and it has the potential to be even better than before. Its an optimistic take on a situation that, while youre in it, can feel pretty dire, for both the moms and the single girls and boys alike. One thing that might reassure you to know is that your friends who have truly fresh newborns are so sleep-deprived and hormonally crazed that their brains arent really capable of making long-term memories, so if you feel like youve said something tactless or failed to buy the right present from the registry, chances are good that they wont retain that information in the future. Theyre living on a different planet, at least till their babies are a good 3 months old. If you live in the same city, theyll be very grateful to you if you drop by with a large icy beverage and some tasty snacks in hand. After you make pleasant chitchat for a tight half-hour, leave them in peace to try to nap. Like it or not, thats your role to play in their lives right now. The friends they really need are people who are in the exact same boat theyre in. The reason mom groups and listservs exist is that people with 8-week-olds really need to talk to other people with 8-week-olds. They might even find people with 9-week-olds alienating. Its a very short, very specific life phase, and when its over, its hard to even remember it except as a blur. You can just stand on the sidelines doing the bare minimum, texting memes or recommendations for obscure bingeable TV shows GLOW got me through week two of my second childs life, and Ill always be a Betty Gilpin stan for that reason alone. The larger issue, though, is how you handle your close friendships with people who have settled into some form of domestic life thats very different from the life youre currently living. As Davis acknowledges, its just hard. Id pick one or two friendships to prioritize and let the rest fall by the wayside. It sounds harsh, but the alternative is to keep feeling like the odd woman out, which sounds like its been painful as well as boring. With the close mom friends youve chosen, youll still have to resign yourself to the fact that your role in their lives has changed. Its not realistic or kind to expect them to be able to keep pace with your dating and professional life. But if you put in the effort and make yourself a part of their and their kids lives now, things will eventually shift back to a reasonable new normal. Bring the kids thoughtful little gifts, join family mealtimes, and do your best to enjoy the meditative boredom of a coffee date at the playground. This wont last forever! Itll last about five years, by which time you may have embarked on a new life stage of your own. Dont hang out in the rooms where youre the only single girl any more than you absolutely have to. Instead, cultivate old and new friendships with fellow single people and make those relationships your primary focus. This is a phase of your life that you should be enjoying to the fullest, especially if you plan to have kids later on. Have fun while you still can, without paying a sitter! Dont stick around in situations that make you feel left out or unimportant  unless, of course, youre deeply invested in preserving relationships that are important to you, but even then, youre gonna need to pick and choose. The reality is that some of your friendships will bounce back after an off period, but not all of them will. Some of your current friends wont wind up being part of your life, and its okay to mourn that as a loss. But the loss is clearing a path for your new friends. These will be the people to aimlessly chitchat with you about Housewives and ask non-surfacey questions about dating and work. More importantly, theyll be the friends who get you through your 30s. Have a question for Emily? Email askemilynymag.com and read our submission terms here. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission Have an account?

Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission I havent spent much time thinking about Post Malone outside of his diamond veneers and that one song where he talks about smokin like a Rasta. But today, we find ourselves in the annals of the rappers dating history, because, according to TMZ, he might have a new girlfriend. Sounds boring, but have I mentioned that TMZ claims Malone ended his engagement to an anonymous fiancée and the mother of his child before moving on? My head is spinning. On Thursday, the gossip rag reported that things between the 29-year-old and his longtime partner officially ended sometime around the end of last year. Though her identity and the length of the relationship are not known, Malone has repeatedly made reference to his mystery woman in interviews throughout his career. In 2022, during an appearance on The Howard Stern Show, Malone said that hed proposed to his significant other and announced that they had welcomed a daughter that year. Later, on the Call Her Daddy podcast, Malone gushed over his fiancée, calling her the No. 1 mom in the fucking universe. successful side quest Post Malone That may be true, but if the tabloids are to be believed, this woman is no longer No. 1 in Postys heart. Per TMZ, the rapper has moved on with Christy Lee, whose LinkedIn profile describes her as a Parsons School of Design student and aspiring stylist. Malone and Lee were first photographed on a romantic dinner date earlier this year at the Mascagni Hotel in Rome. Most recently, they were spotted chilling at a dive bar in Idaho. While I appreciate this rumored couples high-low taste in dates, I have many outstanding questions and also a mild case of whiplash. Post Malone seems to have moved on from a woman he once publicly worshipped very quickly, and I would like to know how she feels about that. Presumably, not great? By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission Have an account?

All products are independently selected by our editors. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission. If it feels like youve been seeing the best greens powders pop up all over the internet in the last few years, youre not alone. Many of these mysterious verdant powders and potions purport to be panaceas that aid in muscle gains, general wellbeing, and the ever-elusive gut health with a regiment as easy as a single scoop per day. Now, few things are ever that simple in the poorly regulated supplement marketand the jury is still out as to the exact efficacy of greens powders as a categorybut one thing is for sure They provide a solid nutritional insurance policy, helping to keep your body fueled with all the micronutrients it needs, some of which your current diet might be lacking. But like most supplements, not all greens powders are created equal. Ive been testing out a grip of the top brands on the market, each with their own special formula, taste, and price point. Anecdotally, Ive definitely felt a boost in my digestion, energy levels, and overall healthso, if youre looking for some backup in the nutrition department or if you havent eaten broccoli since it was entering your mouth via pantomimed airplane check out our list of the best greens powders below. Huel Huel Cost per Serving 1.88 Key Ingredients 91 vitamins, minerals, greens, superfoods, and adaptogens. A few major things to look for when choosing a greens powder are the ingredients list, price, taste, and user experience. The Huel Daily Greens does a great job of balancing each of them. It may not be the best in any single category but it get high marks in all of them. Its 91 ingredients give you all the vitamins, minerals and pretty much everything else youd want in a greens powder to aid digestion and overall health. It is relatively well-priced, falling dead center on the cost per serving spectrum, and you can also get a slight discount by opting for the brands monthly subscription. The taste is solid, and they offer Watermelon and Lemon  Ginger flavors in addition to their original. New customers also receive a dedicated Huel Daily Greens bottle, which goes a long way toward helping create that daily ritual. Overall, Huel Daily Greens checks every box, and its worth checking out if you want a balanced greens powder. AG1 AG1 Cost Per Serving 2.64 Key Ingredients NSF-certified, 7.2 billion CFU probiotics, nutrient-dense raw superfood complex. Athletic Greens, a.k.a. AG1, is one of the big dogs in the greens powder space. Youve probably, at some point, been hit with the brands targeted Instagram ads. The branding is sleek and minimal, and they also make a really great greens powder. Its one of only two on this list thats NSF-certified for quality, and it is packed with vitamins, minerals, and probiotics. However, where AG1 really shines is in what I will call the user experience. All new customers receive a welcome kit that, in addition to a first months supply of powder, includes a designated canister, scooper, and bottle. All of these accessories are surprisingly high-quality, far surpassing the level of your standard supplement purchase add-ons. The canister and scooping spoon are made from solid metal and adorned with AG1s signature minimalist branding. Theres a noticeable heft when handling them, and the bottle is made from BPA-free hard plastic akin to what you find in a Nalgene, with a metal screw top that is equally weighty. Overall, the ritual of taking AG1 makes me feel at once like a wealthy professional athlete, yet maybe also the subject of biometric testing in some future dystopian universe. Now, it might not be surprising that everything I just mentioned also makes it one of the most expensive greens powders, but you do get what you pay for, in my opinion. Amazing Grass Amazon Cost Per Serving 0.90 Key Ingredients 1 Billion CFU probiotics, a blend of 14 greens, fruits,  veggies, 100 DV of vitamin C Amazing Grasss Greens Blend is the quiet workhorse of this list. It may not have quite as exhaustive an ingredients list as its competitors, but it delivers in all the areas where a good greens powder should. The Greens Blend boasts a slew of vitamins, probiotics, fiber, greens, and antioxidants. All of these will work to support digestive health while acting as an insurance policy to make sure your body gets the nutrients it needs. Its also the most affordable greens powder on this list, which proves that, for less than a dollar a day, eating healthy doesnt have to hurt your wallet. Heres the catch the Greens Blend is unflavored and doesnt use artificial sweeteners, so its not exactly the best-tasting powder on this listbut if youre looking for delicious-tasting supplements, greens powders shouldnt be your first choice. Cmon bro, its for your health bro, please bro, just drink it bro, please. Thorne Thorne Cost Per Serving 2.33 Key ingredients Nicotinamide riboside, quercetin phytosome, ashwagandha, caffeine Greens powders are generally very conducive to a morning routine Most suggest being consumed on an empty stomach, too, as it aids absorption. Many powders also include B-complex vitamins to boost energy. The Thorne Daily Greens Plus takes it a step further with 35 mg of matcha-derived caffeine per serving. Now, its worth pointing out that this is less than half the amount of caffeine in your standard cup of coffeehowever, when combined with the adaptogen blend and the energy production benefits of the antioxidants, it was enough to give even my cold brew-addicted self a noticeable boost. As far as taste is concerned, I didnt really mind this oneits definitely earthy, but doesnt have a lingering aftertaste like some of the other greens powders I tried. It has fewer ingredients than others on this list, but still includes things like ashwagandha and quercetin phytosome, which have been shown to reduce stress and promote healthy aging. IM8 IM8 Cost per Serving 2.63 Key Ingredients NSF-certified, 92 nutrient-rich ingredients, replaces the need for 16 supplements. The IM8 Daily Ultimate Essentials is technically not a greens powderthe powder is a welcoming shade of red. However, it serves the same function as every other greens powder on this list an all-in-one daily supplement with nutrient-rich ingredients that can help boost your overall health. It serves that function very well, in fact. This Daily Ultimate Essentials blend was developed in conjunction with Oxford University and The Mayo clinic. They also boast NSF certification and have David Beckham as the brands ambassador. It tastes pretty good, tooI would describe it as an over-engineered fruit punch which is a compliment, I promise. Bloom Bloom Cost Per Serving 1.16 Key Ingredients digestive enzymes, fiber, pre  probiotics If the sometimes dull and vaguely earthy taste of greens powders are turning you off, then I suggest you check out Bloom Greens  Superfoods. It boasts by far the widest flavor variety of any Greens Powder on the market. I tried the pineapple, but they currently offer a total of nine flavors ranging from mango to strawberry kiwi and a limited-edition apple cider. The pineapple was great and definitely made it easier to drink than some other powders I tried. In addition to tasting great, Blooms Greens  Superfoods is also packed with plenty of fiber, probiotics, and antioxidants that can aid digestive health while helping to boost energy. Bloom is also the second most affordable option on this list, so if price or taste have kept you from getting in on the greens powder wave, then I recommend you check these guys out. More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

All products are independently selected by our editors. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission. The wealthy never fail to fascinateespecially when it comes to their taste in clothes. From the Roy familys bland style vacuum on Succession to Mark Zuckerbergs affinity for mid-priced hoodies, what rich people wear is always a ripe topic for dissection. Now, Gen Z has focused its glare on ideas of affluent dressing, posting images and videos on social media of what is being dubbed the old money aesthetic cable-knit sweaters tossed over polos, oxford shirts, navy blazers, and the like. Images of Carolyn Bessette and JFK Jr., The Talented Mr. Ripleys Dickie Greenleaf, and vintage Ralph Lauren and J.Crew advertisements abound. On Instagram alone, the hashtag OldMoney has nearly a million posts and OldMoneyAesthetic has around 360,000. A 90s-era Polo Ralph Lauren ad, one of the peak fixations of the OldMoneyAesthetic crowd on Instagram and TikTok. Its interesting to see younger generations fetishize these things, says Zach Weiss, a writer who is himself a bit of an old money aesthetics practitioner. At some point you think you discovered it, which Im sure I did at that age. Weiss recalls first being transfixed by the look in high school, where he played tennis, and sought an alternative to the go-to court uniform at the time ratty T-shirts and garish Nike gear. After some research, he stumbled upon the sports more refined sartorial tradition, discovering tennis whites, Lacoste polos, and the like, which, in turn helped him develop his personal style. Today, Weiss often dresses like a dapper Great Gatsby character, an anachronism so distinct that, last year, when he sported a white blazer, banker-striped shirt, and yellow tie to the US Open, he pulled attention from the couple making out one row behind him Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner. Now 31, Weiss says its fascinating to witness the style he discovered as a teen filtered through the eyes of a younger generation, this time neatly tied up with a bow and served up as social media content. This new generation seems really self-aware, and the old money look is like a character you can play, he says. Richard Thompson Ford, a Stanford law professor who wrote the book Dress Codes How the Laws of Fashion Made History, broadly defines whats being called old money aesthetics as anything that evokes mid-20th century East Coast elitesthink clothing that would be worn to prep schools or Ivy League college quads. Items that are classic, not trendy, and made to last. They are timeless in the truest sense of the wordthey could be worn today or 100 years ago without looking out of place. Its a style that, say, 10 or 20 years ago, we wouldve just called preppybut to Gen Z that word now means something different. A quarter-century after their untimely passing, JFK Jr. and Carolyn Bessette remain unimpeachable style icons to a whole new generation. In any case, nuances of this sartorial vernacular are often lost on younger generations in their quest to turn them into short, punchy videos. There was also this obscure quality to it, Ford says. Youd strive to have things no one else wore, something from a shop you could only find in New Haven, Connecticut, or Marthas Vineyard. Some of the clothing was worn-in, well-worn, that was part of the aesthetic. Looking worn-in, that patina of age, was part of the appeal. And some of the things were just ugly! The colors like bright pink, lime green, bright madras, Nantucket red pants. I dont think the current generation of TikTokers think of these as old money, but they are clear signifiers of membership to a certain milieu. Theres very much a science to it, Weiss adds, referencing the seminal guide The Official Preppy Handbook as a touchstone. There are versions that are, frankly, not very dressed up. Like a roughed-up cable-knit sweater thats slung over your shoulder. It certainly helps that the zeitgeist has risen up to meet the online thirst for dreams of an old money life. Saltburn comes to mind, as does the new Netflix show Ripley, based on Patricia Highsmiths Talented Mr. Ripley novels, which were most famously enshrined in the cultural consciousness with the 1999 film starring Jude Law, Matt Damon, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Ryan Murphys recent Feud Capote Vs. the Swans was a paean to the high style of the mid-20th century socialite class in New York, while popular brands like Aimé Leon Dore and Drakes often ape these stylistic gestures and remix them for their own usesquite successfully, at that. Meanwhile, young Dimes Square strivers are running uptown to take selfies of themselves drinking martinis at Bemelmans Bar. Matt Damon and Gwyneth Paltrow in 1999s The Talented Mr. Ripley. The big question is Why now? The first thing that comes to mind is nostalgia, Ford says. Nostalgia for better times, or a time when the United States and the West seemed more confident. Indeed, there does seem to be a wistful longing for a type of normalcy just beyond our grasp in these clothes, a foundation of tradition and classicism that cannot be found in todays never-ending chaos. Avery Trufelmanhost of the popular fashion podcast Articles of Interest, which spent an entire season digging deep into the long afterlife of prephas a theory. In some ways, I think its a backlash to trends, she tells me. It reminds me of how, in the 1960s, Ivy style should have died, but it was revived because there were so many trends going on then, and people thought, Im just gonna go back to what I know, whats classy and whats safe. Which makes me think of the explosion of trends we saw after the pandemic. Indeed, every time theres another -core to jump on, isnt it calming to just think of tossing on a navy blazer? Robert Redford and Mia Farrow in 1974s The Great Gatsby. Weiss thinks its a post-pandemic reaction, too, but more connected to wanting to dress up again after wearing sweatpants and athleisure for years. There was this post-COVID thing of dressing up by choice, he says. In a world where we used to be forced to dress up to go to work, now theres this idea of getting dressed up of your own volition. Personally, I find it fascinating that young peoplein the midst of unprecedented wealth inequality, told that theyll never own a home, that the American dream promised to them may well be deadare dressing up as the people who, in essence, ruined it all for them. I, for one, have noticed my TikTok feed filled with old money aesthetic slideshows of roguish types in Rolls-Royces alternating with vehement harangues of late-stage-capitalism, a perplexing juxtaposition. There is this phenomenon of ironic, slightly mocking uses of status symbols which does have a long history, Ford says, mentioning the way Black and Latinx Americans once donned exaggerated Zoot suits as a retort to traditional mens tailoring. I would say the way people are adopting these things, its quasi-ironic though theres certainly a lot of affection for the look. A nostalgia-inducing spread from a vintage J.Crew ca And they arent dressing as the enemy, per se, Trufelman notes. I think theres some comfort in dressing as old money, she says. Not to be flippant, but its not new money like these guys like Elon Musk in their black T-shirts who are ruining the world. Indeed, old money is far enough in the rearview mirror to have had much of the bad parts sanded away. What we get is great clothes and not much context. As Trufelman puts it This is almost a costume for social media. But Weiss, who has long since settled on this precise aesthetic as his default mode of dressing, has some thoughts on why its popular. As a baseline, its a nice thing to look at, he says. Indeed, despite its classic nature, the old money aesthetic has a surprising amount of variety contained within. Like, Im a gay preppy, Weiss adds, which is an anti-WASP thing, so Im shaking it up a bit. If everyone from Tyler, the Creator to J.Crew to Emerald Fennell to Nigo can reference it, who cant find some aspect of the trend to make their own? Its warm and cozy, Weiss says. Its nice to go into the Ralph Lauren Mansion on Madison Ave and play that part. I forget who, but someone in the Very Ralph documentary is like, This is a very utopian world where youre living among these film characters. Its a safe place to be. The Best Air Jordan 1 of 2025 Is Hereand Its a Sequel to a 2018 Classic Oxford vs. Derby Whats the Difference Between the Classic Dress Shoe Styles? The Brutalists László Tóth Is an Unsung Menswear Icon For SNL50, the Entire Cast Received These Watches 3 Major Style Swings to Take This Spring Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit. More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

GQ is the global flagship of mens fashion, the arbiter of cool for anyone who sees the world through the lens of taste and style. For more than 60 years, GQ has been the home to award-winning journalism and the most elevated and respected photography, design, reporting, and writing in the mens space. Today, GQ is also a digital, video, social, and experiential powerhousea community where readers gather to be inspired and exchange ideas around style, creativity, and culture. Spanning six continents and 21 markets, with an audience of more than 50 million, GQ has a singular global reach. Crucially, GQ is also the home of the New Masculinity. New Masculinity is an expansion of what it means to be GQone that moves past a rigid definition of manhood into something more open and inclusive. GQ celebrates creativity, embraces change, and creates culture-shaping moments, including GQ Men of the Year and GQ Global Creativity Awards. It puts an emphasis on diversity, gender equality, sustainability and mental health. To be GQ is to be forward-looking, progressive, and cutting-edge. GQs content helps people live more stylish, more tasteful, and more considered lives. We cover subjects as they intersect with the culture, and our point of view is grounded in our unique access to tastemakers and experts. Our service content answers the readers call to be useful to me! with specific, actionable advice. It also inspires the audience to be a bit more adventurous, open, and creative. Everything that GQ recommends to its audience is rigorously researched, effective, and encourages our audience to take positive action in their everyday lives  to try something new, change their current routine, or invest in something unknown. GQ is the go-to media brand for culturally curious, globally aware consumers who care deeply about representation and being at the forefront of whats cool while never blending into the crowd. We create a communal experience open toand inclusive ofeveryone. GQ drives up to 50 million global monthly uniques, boasts 42 million followers across global social platforms, and drives 70 million monthly video views. GQ is the global flagship of mens fashion. Our style writers around the world collaborate to cover menswears premiere moments, publishing across platforms in multiple languages. As a result, GQs style network is deeply connected with local consumers, designers, and fashion communities. GQ is a space where style and culture meet. Our storytelling adds color, detail, and true cultural context to fashions biggest moments. But whether a fashion shoot is classic or radical, the clothes we celebrate are always grounded in utility and wearability. GQ creates moments. We collaborate with the biggest stars on the planetthe actors, musicians, athletes, designers, and beyond who shape cultureto deliver stories that drive the conversation. We do it with news-making journalism, attention-stealing videos, arresting visuals, videos, and social concepts. GQ explores male grooming and beauty by giving advice that prioritizes self-care, problem-solving and freedom of expression. Our grooming coverage is fueled by the products and personalitiesas well as the communities, lifestyles, and subculturesdriving the evolution of male beauty. GQs grooming vertical is also a one-stop shop for our audience. We recommend products that can improve their daily routine, health, and wellbeing. GQ promotes a new holistic paradigm of wellness and fitness, discarding outdated archetypes in favor of modern ideas around physical and mental health, sex and relationships, nutrition, and self-improvement. GQ seeks out the best and most beautiful places, objects, and experiences to offer our audience a cooler, more thoughtful way of living. In food, drink and nightlife, we know that dining is personal. GQs coverage hones in on the stories of visionary chefs, restaurateurs and nightlife personalities creating some of the worlds most exciting experiences. GQs travel coverage transports readers to the coolest subcultures around the world, showing readers new places through the lens of architecture, style, culture, design, and creative communities. GQs cars vertical focuses on the intersection of automobiles, style, culture, and design. Its built around people and communities rather than test drives and specs. In tech coverage, GQ is hyper-focused on how technology can improve life. We look beyond megapixels toward products with purpose, design, and styleand profile the creators behind them. GQ Sports is where sports and culture intersect, with an all-access pass to the worlds coolest, most stylish athletes. GQ Sports is a video-led sub-brand with a focus on YouTube, as well as social, site, and printincluding the first ever global GQ Sports issue February 2022. GQ Sports comes to life through YouTube series like My First Million and special editions of blockbuster franchises like Actually Me and 10 Essentials revealing interviews and photo shoots with stars from the world of sports global social handles featuring exclusive series and programming and special events that bring together athletes with other cultural forces. GQ Recommends is a special forces team dedicated to helping our audience decide the best products to buy, whether theyre shopping for clothing, accessories, grooming products, tech, home goods and kitchen gear, or anything else. Were a purely editorial team with decades of experience and a highly honed bullshit meter, doing rigorous testing and market research so readers can discover worthy products and make informed purchases. In other words, GQ Recommends sweats the details so that you can shop knowing a product has been vetted. GQ has been the leading voice in mens fashion and lifestyle for more than 60 years. Weve spent those decades parsing what it means to look sharp, live smart, and weve been at it for long enough to know whats meaningful, whats cool, whats just a trend and what has staying power. And let us say, for the record trends can be a lot of fun to add to your rotation, when you go in with eyes wide open. We care deeply about style, design, and quality. We think the idea of value is personal, and isnt just a synonym for price. Weve honed an eye for what makes something worthwhilewhether that something is a leather jacket, Italian sofa, or a smart watch. Fashion is subjective, we know. Thats the fun of it. But were serious about helping our audience get dressed. Whether its the best white sneakers, the best mens suits, or the coolest menswear drops of the week, GQ Recommends perspective is built on years of hands-on experience, an insider awareness of whats in and whats next, and a mission to find the best version of everything out there, at every price point. Our staffers arent able to try on every single piece of clothing you read about on GQ.com fashion moves fast these days, but we have an intimate knowledge of each brands strengths and know the hallmarks of quality clothingfrom materials and sourcing, to craftsmanship, to sustainability efforts that arent just greenwashing. GQ Recommends heavily emphasizes our own editorial experience with those brands, how they make their clothes, and how those clothes have been reviewed by customers. Bottom line GQ wouldnt tell you to wear it if we wouldnt. We bring the same eye for style and understanding of quality to everything else we review. In some categories were able to be aggressively hands-on, and test products often. Were never not auditioning products for GQs annual Grooming Awards, and that process informs everything else we cover in the category, from the best cologne to the best moisturizers and SPFs. When were hunting for the best home wares, kitchen appliances, bedding like mattresses and sheets, grooming products, and tech, were combining an eye for style with a honed sense of whats trustworthy. That comes from writers who are knowledgeable in those categories, looking at user reviews, speaking to experts, and finding the companies that routinely deliver. Check out our methodology pages for testing mattresses, fitness equipment, and supplements, where we spell out more specifically what makes a product worth your time and our ink. Whether theyre for the best white tees and under-100 jeans, or the best wireless earbuds, our shopping guides are frequently updated to reflect our ongoing product testing, new-to-market products, price changes, and, of course, trends that matter. We update most major buying guides annually. Certain guides, particularly in clothing and fashion where product turnover happens seasonally, can be updated between two and four times per year. We add fresh reporting and any worthwhile products to ensure these guides offer readers the latest information on whats worth their money. When you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. Though not alwayswe feature plenty of products just because we think theyre cool and worth your money. All products featured on GQ are independently selected by our editors. Theres nothing we tell you to buy that we would not purchase and use ourselves. GQs Men of the Year honors the global personalities whose culture-shifting contributions defined this years high points. The annual tentpole salutes their success across GQs editorial landscape and at events that are the ultimate celebration of Mens Fashion. GQs Global Creativity Awards honors the creative innovators who are moving the culture forward, through a themed print issue and awards gala. GQ Hype is the story of right now, a digital franchise in which individual GQ markets celebrate local stars making news today in an elevated and consistent waywith all the visual and journalistic ambition of our print longread profiles. Every year, GQ editors undertake rigorous testing of a wide range of products in sleep, grooming, fitness and fashion to announce the absolute best of the best, and award a single product worthy of GQs ultimate seal of approval in each category. Were constantly auditioning products for these franchises, and they inform everything else we cover in the category. GQ Box is a quarterly subscription box of must-have products in grooming, apparel, accessories, and lifestyle, handpicked by the editors of GQ. Every item in the GQ Box is specially selected, rigorously tested, and totally recommended by GQ editors. Find them all here. Every evening We bring you the very best of GQ celebrity profiles, style and wellness advice, the latest in entertainment, and much more. Preview Once a day, Monday through Friday Our editors recommend one cant-miss story every weekday. Preview Friday mornings Senior style writer Cam Wolf takes you inside the world of watches, with news, interviews, advice, and reports from events around the world. Preview Thursday mornings Columnist Chris Black weighs in on hot topics in culture, with the occasional rant about life as a person who had fun in his twenties. Preview Tuesday mornings Staff writer Samuel Hine reports straight from the runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit. Preview Weekday and Saturday afternoons The Recommends team hand-picks a collection of their favorite things, including the coolest new menswear and cant-miss sales. Preview Will Welch is global editorial director of GQ, where he oversees content strategy and vision across global GQ markets and platforms, including video. Welch is also the editor in chief of GQ U.S., a position he has held since 2019, in which he oversees all content creation, production, and consumer experiences across distribution platforms domestically. Welch joined GQ in 2007 and has held a variety of editorial roles covering fashion, pop culture, and music. In 2015 Welch became the first editor-in-chief of GQ Style, a quarterly fashion publication he helped launch. Previously, Welch spent four years at the music, fashion, and lifestyle magazine The Fader, where he was deputy editor. Under Welchs leadership, GQ has been nominated for nine ASME awards, winning for photography and design in 2019 and 2023. In his first year as editor-in-chief, Welch oversaw the launch of GQ Sports, as well as the critically acclaimed New Masculinity issue of GQ. He is included in the BoF500, the annual list of people shaping global fashion by Business of Fashion. As design director, Vargas develops all the design elements that make up the GQ universe and brand language  everything from fonts and colors and logos to feature story spreads. His work for GQ has garnered many awards, including from the National Magazine Association, which last recognized GQ with the Best Design Award in 2023. Before coming to GQ, he was the creative director at Bloomberg Businessweek. As director of editorial operations, Schmidt leads a team that manages the day-to-day workings of GQ and GQ.com. Before GQ, she was the managing editor at WSJ. Magazine and an editorial business manager at Vanity Fair. As creative director, Behr oversees all photos across GQs platforms, and leads a team of photo editors and creative producers who make all the visuals that appear in the magazine and on GQ.com. Before GQ, she was the visuals director at Pitchfork and a senior photo editor at New York Magazine. As director of content strategy, Pavelski leverages deep understanding of the GQ audience to manage the editorial teams that make GQ towards first-in-class creative storytelling that casts the widest possible net on social media, video, email and other platforms. Previously, he worked at Mic, a leading news and media company for young people, the New York Post and Page Six, and The Daily, a dazzling daily magazine specifically created for mobile devices. Riley has been one of the magazines most celebrated writers, editors and correspondents since he started as an editorial associate in 2008. As director of content development, he oversees the writing and editing of GQs most ambitious and award-winning editorial projects. As a long-time GQ writer and editor, hes profiled everyone from Timothee Chalamet three times! to Jeff Koons for the magazine. Hes also the author of the novel Fly Me. Dana Mathews started at GQ in 2015, booking the mega-watt talent and securing exclusives with the people behind the most important cultural moments of the year. Prior to GQ, she worked on the Teen Vogue Young Hollywood party, the Vanity Fair Oscar party and the Vogue Met Ball. Adam Hurly has been covering mens grooming for GQ since 2016. He also writes about travel. Adam is a Sioux Falls SD native, University of Kansas graduate, former New Yorker, and current expat in Berlin. His favorite season is Oscar Season, his favorite book is Dinner At the Homesick Restaurant, and he is a proud superfan of Survivor. Avidan Grossman is GQs Style Commerce Editor, where he covers menswear, beauty, and grooming. Prior to that, he was the Style eCommerce Editor at Esquire. Hes been reading GQ since he was a gangly middle-schooler, and widely faults the publication for turning him into the massive nerd he is today. You can watch him on the GQ Recommends YouTube show refusing to make eye contact with the camera, or catch him skulking through the GQ offices thinking about pants. Cam Wolf is GQs Senior Style Writer. He joined the magazine in 2017 after working at Racked RIP as the sites first! and only! Menswear Editor and Complex in the role of Style News Editor. Shortly into his GQ tenure, he immersed himself in the world of watches and quickly fell in love with its passionate collecting community. In 2022, he launched GQs dedicated watch newsletter Box  Papers Described by one watch dealer as The only thing worth living for! where he chronicles the worlds most interesting watches, trends, and characters. Cohen, GQs Deputy Site Editor, joined the magazine in 2020 after working as an editor at Saveur, Lucky Peach, and Outside magazine. Chris edits features and runs the Wellness sectionand runs marathons, enjoys cooking, and generally tries to practice what he preaches health-wise even when away from the office, with sometimes mixed results. Chris Gayomali is a GQ articles editor, where he works on features and other stories for print and web. Prior to that he was the site editor of GQ.com. His stories been anthologized in the Best American Sports Writing, have been selected for Longforms annual Best Of lists, and have won awards from organizations such as the NYC chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists. In 2019, he was selected as one of AdWeeks Creative 100. On at least two occasions, New York Magazine has referred to him a cool person. Eileen Cartter is a staff writer at GQ, where she covers style and trends, fame and celebrity, and other cultural phenomena. Previously, she was the social  culture editor at Garage magazine, and her writing has also appeared in publications like Dazed, Paper, i-D, and Departures. Frazier Tharpe is a writer and editor at GQ specializing in entertainment coverage, and has contributed profiles of Jerrod Carmichael, LaKeith Stanfield and Bobby Shmurda, and John Mulaney. Gabriella Paiella is a staff writer at GQ, where she covers culture in the form of features, profiles, and QAs. Shes profiled Nicolas Cage, Jeremy Strong, and Zoë Kravitz for the cover of the magazine, explored why men are so obsessed with the 2003 nautical drama Master and Commander, and will never live down her oral history of a certain Folgers commercial. Her writing has also been published by New York Magazine, Rolling Stone, and The Guardian. Gerald Ortiz is a style commerce writer for GQ covering fashion, grooming, and occasionally lifestyle. Previously, he was the style writer for Gear Patrol and the managing editor at Heddels. He graduated from the University of California, Davis with three degrees. Matthew Roberson is a Staff Writer for GQ Sports. Before joining GQ, he was at the New York Daily News, primarily covering the Yankees and Mets. Michella Oré is GQs commerce writer covering all things style and grooming. Her writing has been published in Vogue, Allure, i-D, 10 Magazine, Barrons, and WWD. Michella holds a B.A. in political science from Williams College and an M.A. in fashion journalism from Central Saint Martins. Sam Schube is the GQ Sports director. He began working at GQ in 2014 as an editorial assistant, and in the years since has assigned and edited features and profiles, written stories about subjects ranging from Johnny Knoxville to professional golfs existential crisis, and worked on all manner of magazine packages, website projects, video series, and social franchises. Sam, GQs Fashion Writer, joined GQ as an assistant in 2016. After mastering the art of booking travel and filing expenses for Condé Nast editors, he was a writer and editor for GQ Style, the erstwhile quarterly fashion and luxury publication. Alongside Noah Johnson and Rachel Tashjian, Sam hosted the celebrated style and culture podcast Corporate Lunch. Last year, he launched the popular GQ newsletter Show Notes, which chronicles the global fashion scene. The New York Times has described him as a Dimes Square fixture. Tyler Chin is GQs associate commerce editor of lifestyle, covering topics ranging from cookware to furniture and tech to home decor. His work has been featured in Gear Patrol, Mens Health, and Insider. Yang-Yi Goh is GQs Style Editor. Since joining the magazine in 2019, he has interviewed pro athletes, profiled movie stars, received hate mail for his opinions on sneakers, and written approximately fifty gazillion lists of the best suits, shirts, socks, pants, jewelry, sunglasses, hoodiesyou get the idea. Prior to GQ, Yang helped found the short-lived but not forgotten! Canadian magazine Title, ran the website and style department of Sharp. He began his career as a researcher at ESPN. Zach Baron is GQs Senior Staff Writer. Since joining the magazine in 2013, he has written dozens of cover stories about people from all over culture  actors Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Robert Pattinson, musicians Pharrell, Kanye West, Justin Bieber, athletes Kevin Durant, Giannis Antetokounmpo, Conor McGregor, and other influential figures Tim Cook in the various worlds that GQ covers. He has interviewed many of our greatest living directors  Paul Thomas Anderson, Quentin Tarantino, Francis Ford Coppola, Spike Lee, James Cameron  and also written about militias in Nevada, newsrooms in California, and unsolved crimes in Malibu. Once they sent him a some sort of internet traffic award statue after his 2018 profile of Brendan Fraser went viral. For more info, see the GQ masthead. Condé Nast is a global media company that produces some of the worlds leading print, digital, video, and social brands. Along with GQ, Conde Nast owns Vogue, SELF, The New Yorker, Vanity Fair, Wired, Architectural Digest, and more plus numerous international editions of those publications. Conde Nast is headquartered in New York and London, and operates in 32 markets around the globe including France, Germany, India, China, Japan, and morereaching some 88 million consumers in print, 427 million in digital, and 423 million across social platforms. In short Conde Nast brings big ideas to life. Learn more about the Conde Nast principles that govern GQs practices More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from. More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

