Then Rs4335 per month. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Cancel anytime during your trial. Essential digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism with expert analysis from industry leaders. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality analysis and expert insights, complemented with our award-winning Weekend Print edition. Terms  Conditions apply See why over a million readers pay to read the Financial Times.

Then Rs4335 per month. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Cancel anytime during your trial. Essential digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism with expert analysis from industry leaders. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality analysis and expert insights, complemented with our award-winning Weekend Print edition. Terms  Conditions apply See why over a million readers pay to read the Financial Times.

Malaika Kanaaneh Tapper in Beirut and Sarah Dadouch in Damascus PublishedMarch 9 2025 UpdatedMarch 9 2025 Roula Khalaf, Editor of the FT, selects her favourite stories in this weekly newsletter. Hundreds of people have been killed in Syria after clashes between pro-government and pro-Assad forces escalated into sectarian violence, drawing furious condemnation from the US. Many of those targeted were Alawites, members of a minority sect to which former president Bashar al-Assad belongs and who dominated the top ranks of the former regimes security forces. The violence has become the greatest threat to the countrys stability since Assad was ousted in December, with the defence ministry saying clashes were ongoing in parts of the western coast on Sunday morning. While estimates varied, war monitor the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that more than 1,000 people had been killed as of Sunday, the majority of them civilians. The Financial Times was unable to independently verify the figures. US secretary of state Marco Rubio said Washington condemns the radical Islamist terrorists, including foreign jihadis, that murdered people in western Syria and stood with the countrys minorities. Syrias interim authorities must hold the perpetrators of these massacres against Syrias minority communities accountable, Rubio said. The US designates Interim President Ahmed al-Sharaas Islamist group Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, a former al-Qaeda affiliate that toppled Assad, as a terrorist entity. Sharaa, who renounced his ties to al-Qaeda a decade ago and promised to protect minorities and form an inclusive administration, on Sunday called for calm. Filmed speaking in a mosque in Damascus, Sharaa said what happened was among the expected challenges and called for coexistence. We can live together in this country, god willing, Sharaa, who has been engaging with the US and other western governments to seek sanctions relief, said. UK foreign secretary David Lammy said the reports of killings were horrific. The authorities in Damascus must ensure the protection of all Syrians and set out a clear path to transitional justice, he said. The UK Treasury this month lifted sanctions on two dozen Syrian entities including the central bank. The turmoil began on Thursday after armed factions loyal to Assad clashed with government security forces and called for an uprising in Latakia, a coastal province and former Assad stronghold. This escalated into intercommunal violence and sectarian killings as forces loyal to the interim government arrived from outside the coastal area to crush the pro-Assad forces, according to residents and rights groups. Many of the former rebel factions now responsible for security under the new interim administration, which disbanded Assads army, blame Alawites, along with former regime forces, for atrocities that took place during Syrias more than 13-year civil war. Alawite residents told the FT they were sheltering in their homes, had relatives and neighbours killed or were fleeing out of fear of further attacks. Anas Haidar, an Alawite translator from Baniyas, a city south of Latakia, said he learned from his aunt that armed factions had on Friday taken his 69-year-old uncle on to the roof of his apartment building and executed him along with other men living in the building. We thought the sounds we were hearing were shooting in the air or celebrations, but no all these shots were at people, he said, adding that his uncle had been a longtime opponent of the Assad regime. On Saturday, as Haidar was preparing to flee, he received a call from another aunt begging him to come help her son, who was bleeding out after being shot on the roof and later died. Haidar left the neighbourhood in the car of a Sunni friend, who sheltered him and other families for the night. The escalation poses one of the most serious threats so far to the legitimacy of Syrias transitional government. It also underscores the scale of the challenge it faces in unifying and ruling the nation, which is home to multiple sects and awash with weapons and armed factions, including unemployed former soldiers from Assad regime forces. Around the time of the initial attacks, a group calling itself the Military Council for the Liberation of Syria issued a statement vowing to bring down the government. The group is led by a former commander of the Assad armys brutal Fourth Division, once led by Bashars brother Maher. In the absence of a unified national security force, Sharaa has incorporated a patchwork of armed opposition factions under the umbrella of the defence ministry earlier this year, but co-ordination, training and ideology varies widely. Recommended Mohammad Salah Shalati, a Sunni sheikh from Latakia, said there was widespread frustration over the perceived lack of accountability for those who worked for the former regime. Weve been telling the government, This or that person used to work against us for the regime. We know who they are, but they ask for proof, he said. The new government tells us to be patient. But Sunnis were oppressed for 60 years . . . After March 6, the people no longer want forgiveness  they want to hold everyone accountable. Residents of coastal areas who spoke to the FT emphasised the difference between the behaviour of what they called extremist factions and the more disciplined HTS forces, but said it was up to the new authorities to keep all of them in line. The factions are not illegal gangs. Technically they are the law, the military, Haidar said. These were groups that were supposedly in the meeting with Ahmed al-Sharaa and agreed to be part of the Ministry of Defence. Comments have not been enabled for this article.

Trade minister to pitch win-win solutions in Washington as deadline looms for steel and aluminium duties Index declines 0.7 as deflationary pressures continue to weigh on worlds second-largest economy Asset managers have been promoting tech moguls ties to Donald Trump to lure capital to xAI, Neuralink and SpaceX Beijing accuses Ottawa of discriminatory levies on electric vehicles Officials vow to cut bureaucracy and fiscal burden amid fears they could hurt investment Innovation by worlds biggest suppliers potentially smooths path for self-driving vehicles Joseph Nye coined the term for the influence countries exert through attraction. Here he sets out why exclusive nationalism is likely to prove a losing strategy As the president threatens a trade war, follow the latest on tariffs and executive orders As the president threatens a trade war, follow the latest data on imports, exports and trade balances Treasury secretarys remarks come as Taipei has become nervous about shifting US stance on Ukraine Triple negative puts world on course for civilisation doom, says environment minister Has the White House given up on trying to create a US national champion in chip manufacturing? Beijings foreign minister Wang Yi criticises US president over increasingly hostile trade relations Private wealth management companies for the super-rich now manage trillions of dollars globally. Critics say they are open to abuse Also in this newsletter prospect of free speech curbs for social media sites, and Chinas economic outlook The city is still the place to go for Chinese companies seeking capital and access to international investors German borrowing costs climb as yields also rise across Eurozone and Japan The White House reprieve on auto levies shows how self-inflicted damage beats retaliation from trading partners Japanese group also planning 13bn share buyback and non-core assets sale under new chief as it fights takeover The inside story on the Asia tech trends that matter, from Nikkei Asia and the Financial Times Expansion comes as other banks grow wary of customers from China after S3bn money-laundering scandal February records global average temperature rise at 1.59C above pre-industrial levels Justice department said suspects were involved in extensive hacker-for-hire ecosystem Beijing outlines fiscal spending plans amid lagging domestic consumption and mounting trade tensions Carmaker looks at hybrids and local production after tariffs lead to strategic overhaul Discover unmissable flagship events and members only communities to expand your thinking and elevate your career

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Monday - Friday, 600 - 700 PM ET Fiserv I think theyre one of the greatest fintechs...You are doing really well. Sempra It was a bad quarter...There are several things that are definite misses. It does deserve to trade lower. Rigetti Computing I think its a meme stock...It is not trading on the fundamentals. Recursion Pharmaceuticals Were going to have to hold off. ONEOK I think ONEOK may be the best-run pipeline company in the country, and I think you should own it. Super Micro Computer There are still remedies that are needed. Until all the remedies happen, I am not going to approve it. Farmland Partners I kind of like the idea as a spec. Click here to download Jim Cramers Guide to Investing at no cost to help you build long-term wealth and invest smarter. Sign up now for the CNBC Investing Club to follow Jim Cramers every move in the market. Disclaimer Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramers world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram Questions, comments, suggestions for the Mad Money website? madcapcnbc.com Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds CNBCs 12th annual Disruptor 50 list highlights private companies upending the classic definition of disruption as AI leads new business models beyond the era of better, faster and cheaper innovation. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Michael Santoli joined CNBC in October 2015 as a Senior Markets Commentator, based at the networks Global Headquarters in Englewood Cliffs, N.J. Santoli brings his extensive markets expertise to CNBCs Business Day programming, with regular appearances on CNBCs Closing Bell M-F, 3PM-4PM ET and Closing Bell Overtime M-F, 4PM-5PM ET. In addition, he contributes to CNBC.com and CNBC PRO, writing regular articles and creating original digital videos. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds British oil giant Shell on Thursday reported a significant drop in annual profit, citing higher exploration write-offs, lower trading margins and weaker crude prices over the final three months of the year. Shell posted adjusted earnings of 23.72 billion for the full-year 2024, compared to annual profit of 28.25 billion a year earlier. Analysts had expected Shells full-year 2024 net profit to come in at 24.71 billion, according to an LSEG-compiled consensus. A separate forecast from analysts polled by Vara Research expected full-year profit to come in at 24.11 billion. The energy major posted weaker-than-anticipated adjusted earnings of 3.66 billion for the final quarter of 2024. Shell announced a 4 increase in dividend per share and launched another share buyback program of 3.5 billion, which is expected to be completed over the next three months. Speaking to CNBCs Squawk Box Europe on Thursday, Shell CEO Wael Sawan described 2024 as a very strong year, one which gave the company a platform to do everything we said we were going to do. Asked whether it was time for Shell to move its listing from London to New York to close the valuation gap on its U.S. peers, Sawan said the firm was always reviewing headquarter listings and the like. However, there is no live discussion at the moment on this in Shell because our number one priority is to make sure that we unlock the full potential of this company, Sawan noted. Shares of the London-listed company closed almost 3 higher Thursday. Other earnings highlights The worlds top oil and gas companies have seen profits fall from record levels in 2022, when Russias full-scale invasion of Ukraine prompted international benchmark Brent crude to jump to nearly 140 a barrel. Oil prices have since cooled amid faltering global demand, with Brent crude futures averaging 80 a barrel in 2024. That was about 2 a barrel less than the previous year, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. In a trading update on Jan. 8, Shell trimmed its liquefied natural gas LNG production outlook for the final three months of 2024 and warned that trading results for its chemicals and oil products division were expected to be significantly lower on a quarterly basis. Shells full-year results come as the company enters the final stretch of its so-called first sprint. The strategy, which was launched in 2023 and runs to the end of this year, aims to close the valuation gap with U.S. peers by boosting the majors profitability. Shell CEO Wael Sawan has prioritized the firms more profitable oil and gas operations as part of this shift, while cutting spending on areas such as offshore wind and hydrogen and withdrawing from power markets in Europe and China. Like other oil and gas majors, Shell has watered down climate targets and green investments in recent years. The company, however, has said it remains committed to becoming a net-zero energy business by 2050. Analysts led by Biraj Borkhataria at RBC Capital Markets said Shells results confirmed relatively soft expectations but showed robust cash generation. Given expectations had fallen following the trading update, we see these results as largely uneventful, Borkhataria said in a research note. Separately, Maurizio Carulli, an energy analyst at Quilter Cheviot, said Shells fourth-quarter results painted a mixed picture. While earnings fell below expectations, the companys cash flow performance exceeded consensus estimates, Carulli said. Seasonal factors, alongside lower prices and margins, impacted earnings negatively. However, these concerns are mitigated by Shells robust cash flow generation, he added. U.S oil giants Exxon Mobil and Chevron are both scheduled to report earnings on Friday, while European peers TotalEnergies and BP are set to follow suit on Feb. 5 and Feb. 11, respectively. Hours after the results release, a Scottish court overturned Britains approvals for two substantial North Sea oil and gas fields. The ruling, which was seen as a major victory for environmental groups, said consent for the Rosebank and Jackdaw projects was granted unlawfully as the previous U.K. government had not considered the carbon emissions created by burning any of the fossil fuels produced. It noted that no oil or gas may be extracted from the Jackdaw or Rosebank field until the government retakes the decisions. This is a significant win which means that Rosebank cannot go ahead without accounting for its enormous climate harm, Tessa Khan, executive director of Uplift, said in a statement. Uplift brought the case alongside environmental campaign group Greenpeace. Shell and Norways Equinor, which both fought to uphold approval of the contested projects, said they welcomed the decision and were pleased that work can continue while new consents are sought. Shell noted it has spent more than 800 million 995.5 million since the regulator first approved the smaller Jackdaw gas field in 2022 and called for swift action from the government to resolve the situation. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

March 12 - 13, 2025  Jewel, Singapore March 12 - 13, 2025  Jewel, Singapore Join us for an unparalleled experience where the brightest minds and boldest ideas converge to shape the future of business, sports, and entertainment. The Investment Disruptors Where to Yield Alpha Returns Chasing Capital VC Landscape Leadership in the AI Age Sports Leadership Trends Cultural Change Chip Technology AI Revolution Fintech  the Future of Money Alternative Energy Navigating Climate Chaos Sports  Sustainability Engage with influential leaders, pioneering investors, and disruptive changemakers through dynamic roundtable discussions, curated fine dining experiences and top-to-top meeting opportunities. Immerse in the latest technologies and breakthrough innovations that are driving global transformation and redefining industries. Collaborate with a global network and chart an actionable roadmap for tomorrows success, with extensive coverage across CNBCs global platforms. Presenting Sponsor Platinum Sponsors Bronze Sponsors Mobility Sponsor Supported by For speaker and sponsorship opportunities, email converge.livenbcuni.com Level 5 Jewel Changi Airport,78 Airport Boulevard,Singapore 819666

