Gastropod is the award-winning podcast that explores food topics through the lens of history and science. Led by enterprising hosts Cynthia Graber and Nicola Twilley, each episode uncovers the hidden stories and surprising science behind a different food or farming-related topic, from aquaculture to ancient feasts, cutlery to chile peppers, and microbes to malbec. Listen on Apple Podcasts  Google Podcasts  Spotify  Stitcher Long before they were the stars of tropical drinks or controversial pizzas, pineapples were the obsessively hoarded, perpetually pursued symbols of the elite Dont let the threat of a scratchy throat scare you off from this deliciously starchy and versatile root veggie Filed under How careful science, a growers passion, and one adorable truffle-hunting dog combine to run the largest truffle farm in the country From full-on feasts in Foundation to intricate meaty platters in Hannibal, food stylist Janice Poon on how she tells stories that take place in fantastic worlds

Filed under Get ready to pay more for avocados, coffee, and other groceries If you buy something from an Eater link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics policy. President Donald Trump has long been adamant that he would institute a series of tariffs on imported goods from countries like China, Canada, and Mexico. Though most economists agree that these tariffs will have a serious, negative impact on American consumers, Trump has been undeterred. When his promised 25 percent tariffs on goods imported from Canada and Mexico first went into effect on February 1, the stock market implications were immediate, and Trump soon agreed to delay the implementation of the tariffs after negotiations with Mexico and Canada. However, on March 4, tariffs on thousands of goods imported from China, Mexico, and Canada went into effect. Following the announcement of those tariffs, China and Mexico announced their own retaliatory tariffs. Canada has also vowed to implement retaliatory tariffs. In addition to the the 25 percent tariff on goods from Mexico and Canada, Trump also levied a 10 percent increase in tariffs on goods imported from China. But what exactly will these tariffs mean for consumers? Will prices automatically increase as much as 25 percent? Heres what might happen. A tariff is a tax levied on goods that are imported to a country or exported from a country. These taxes are paid by the company who imports the item, directly to the government of that country. Tariffs are often used tactically by governments to give domestic businesses an edge in the market. Once the tariff is paid by the importer, the price of the goods that consumers pay will almost assuredly increase because its now more expensive to bring those items into the country. The United States imports a significant amount of its food supply  around 15 percent of the total American food supply is imported from other countries, according to the Food and Drug Administration  and that percentage is expected to grow. The United States has also operated in an agricultural trade deficit, which means that it has imported more agricultural products than it has exported for three of the past five years, and much of that deficit is due to increased demand for imported food products. The U.S. consumers growing appetite for high-valued imported goods  such as fruits and vegetables, alcoholic beverages, and processed grain products  has contributed to the expanding trade deficit, according to a USDA Economic Research Service report. Those goods often include products that cant be easily sourced in the United States, such as tropical products or off-season produce. According to NPR, Trump believes that the implementation of these tariffs will put money into the federal governments coffers. We will take in hundreds of billions of dollars into our treasury and use that money to benefit the American citizens, he told a Georgia campaign rally crowd in 2024. He also believes that the tariffs will make American manufacturers more competitive in the global market, and that they will be a boon for U.S. manufacturing jobs. Most economists disagree with Trumps predictions. Trump also views tariffs as an effective tactic for negotiating with the leaders of other countries. On January 26, in response to Colombian president Gustavo Petros refusal to allow military planes carrying people who had been deported from the United States to land in the country, Trump said that he would impose a 25 percent tariff on Colombian goods, effective immediately, and said it would rise to 50 percent the following week. He walked back that announcement a day later when the two countries reached an agreement that would allow the planes to land. A lot of food, actually  and yes. The United States imports large amounts of produce from Mexico, including avocados and out-of-season tomatoes. In 2023, the most recent year for which data is available, 63 percent of the United Statess vegetable imports came from Mexico, as did 47 percent of imported fruits and nuts. Of the 22 billion in distilled spirits imported to the United States in 2022, 4.6 billion of that was spent on tequila from Mexico, along with more than 108 million in mezcal imports. The United States is also heavily dependent on food imports from Canada. In 2023, the United States imported about 40 billion in agricultural food products from Canada, ranging from baked goods to canola oil. Over 1.7 billion alone in frozen potato products like french fries were imported that year, along with 2 billion in chocolate. Beef and pork are also popular imports from Canada, accounting for nearly 4 billion of the total. These imported cuts are especially important for American beef farmers, because it allows them to blend leaner imported meat with fattier, U.S.-raised meat to both meet the demand for lean ground beef in the United States, and sell more trimmings and fat to create this blended beef. China, too, exports a ton of food to the United States. In 2019, when Trump levied his first round of 25 percent tariffs on Chinese-made goods, the taxes impacted upwards of 100 billion in imports. Around 78 percent of the tilapia, 70 percent of the apple juice, and nearly a quarter of all fresh garlic consumed in the United States come from China, according to the Alliance for American Manufacturing. Trumps 2019 tariffs on steel and aluminum remain in place, and have caused price increases for consumers on a wide range of goods, including canned foods. Increasing the tax from 25 percent to 60 percent would have further impacts. The price of imported goods would, of course, continue to go up, but the tariffs could also introduce more instability into Chinas already flagging economy and disrupt supply chains. In the short term, Trumps tariffs are already causing further stock market instability. Its unclear exactly what impact massive tariffs would have on the broader economy in the long term, but experts agree on one thing Food costs will almost assuredly increase, and not insignificantly. Prices on avocados, chocolate, coffee, and other popular imports could increase as much as the full 25 percent tariff in a matter of weeks, especially in cases where goods cannot be imported easily from other countries. For example, the United States imports 90 percent of its avocados from Mexico, and it wouldnt be easy to find a different country to meet that demand. Overall, one analysis found that the tariffs could result in American families spending about 185 more per year at the grocery store, an increase of about 3 percent. As the think tank Third Way notes, the ramifications would be more significant for lower income families, who spend a larger proportion of their incomes on groceries and other necessities. Both Canada and China have announced retaliatory tariffs. In Canadas case, that means a 25 percent tariff on a wide range of goods imported from the United States, many of them food products like meat, eggs, honey, and grains. Meanwhile, China announced 15 percent tariffs on key U.S. farm products, according to the Associated Press, including chicken, soybeans, and beef. Mexico is expected to follow suit with its own retaliatory tariffs later this week. This isnt the first time Trumps economic policies have spurred retaliatory tariffs. When Trump levied tariffs against China in 2019, the country responded with a 25 percent tariff on soybean imports from the United States, which had a significant impact on both Chinese consumers and American farmers. If Trump moves forward with additional tariffs on imported agricultural goods set to go into effect later in early April, those will likely come with their own retaliatory tariffs. These retaliatory tariffs will likely have a significant impact on American farmers, many of whom rely on exporting their corn, soybeans, and beef among other agricultural products to countries like China. In addition to making their wares less competitive in the global market, the tariffs are expected to significantly increase the cost of essential farming supplies like fertilizer. The freshest news from the food world every day Check your inbox for a welcome email. Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. The freshest news from the food world every day Check your inbox for a welcome email. Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.

Filed under By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. The freshest news from the food world every day Editor-in-chief Stephanie Wu explains the biggest news in food each week Dispatches from Eater staff about culinary destinations worth planning an entire trip around Highlighting the people, products, and trends inspiring how we cook now A newsletter for the industry pro or aspiring pro looking for behind-the-scenes insights into bar and restaurant culture

Filed under This year, we found ourselves settling into meals that felt exciting, confident, and joyful Eaters picks for where to eat well, right now. Filed under Eat here now. Thank us later. Filed under Revealing the best new barbecue in Austin, the hottest reservation in NYC, LAs best new pop-up, and so much more Filed under The right places to eat, right now From LA to DC, the dishes emerging from the countrys most exciting restaurants narrate personal stories like never before Filed under From San Francisco to Knoxville, where to eat right now across America From Seattle to Miami, the hottest, coolest, most delicious restaurants that have opened in the last year

Senior Reporter Bettina Makalintal is a senior reporter at Eater.com, whose areas of coverage include food in pop culture, restaurant and retail trends, and home cooking. Previously, she was an associate print editor at Bon Appétit and a staff writer at Vices Munchies. Before writing full-time, she worked multiple roles in the service industry. To find the best tomato soup, we tested four popular recipes that use different techniques, including the Instant Pot and roasting fresh tomatoes We asked couples across the country about budgets, date nights in, and what makes a restaurant really worth it Shared from Shared from We do all the grunt work for you. Bird flu outbreaks have caused egg prices to rise, forcing some restaurants either adapt recipes or raise menu prices Shared from

Bún chảa one-dish meal featuring grilled pork patties, crisp vegetables, springy noodles, and a vibrant saucecooks as quickly as a burger but tastes much lighter. YIELD 4 to 6 TIME 1¾ hours Look for dried rice vermicelli in the Asian section of your supermarket. We prefer the more delicate springiness of vermicelli made from 100 percent rice flour to those that include a secondary starch such as cornstarch. If you can find only the latter, just cook them longerup to 12 minutes. For a less spicy sauce, use only half the Thai chile. For the cilantro, use the leaves and the thin, delicate stems, not the thicker ones close to the root. To serve, place platters of noodles, salad, sauce, and pork patties on the table and allow diners to combine components to their taste. The sauce is very flavorful, so use it sparingly. 1. FOR THE NOODLES AND SALAD Bring 4 quarts water to boil in large pot. Stir in noodles and cook until tender but not mushy, 4 to 12 minutes. Drain noodles and rinse under cold running water until cool. Drain noodles very well, spread on large plate, and let stand at room temperature to dry. Arrange lettuce, cucumber, cilantro, and mint separately on large platter and refrigerate until needed. 2. FOR THE SAUCE Using mortar and pestle or on cutting board using flat side of chefs knife, mash Thai chile, 1 tablespoon sugar, and garlic to fine paste. Transfer to medium bowl and add hot water and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Stir until sugar is dissolved. Stir in fish sauce and lime juice. Set aside. 3. FOR THE PORK PATTIES Combine shallot, fish sauce, sugar, baking soda, and pepper in medium bowl. Add pork and mix until well combined. Shape pork mixture into 12 patties, each about 2½ inches wide and ½ inch thick. 4. FOR A CHARCOAL GRILL Open bottom vent completely. Light large chimney starter filled with charcoal briquettes 6 quarts. When top coals are partially covered with ash, pour evenly over half of grill. Set cooking grate in place, cover, and open lid vent completely. Heat grill until hot, about 5 minutes. FOR A GAS GRILL Turn all burners to high, cover, and heat grill until hot, about 15 minutes. Leave all burners on high. 5. Clean and oil cooking grate. Cook patties directly over coals if using charcoal covered if using gas until well charred, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer grilled patties to bowl with sauce and gently toss to coat. Let stand for 5 minutes. 6. Transfer grilled patties to bowl with sauce and gently toss to coat. Serve noodles and salad separately. Though its not traditional, if preferred, remove grilled patties from sauce after 5 minutes and transfer to plate before serving. We are thankful to the sponsors who make it possible for us to bring you the Americas Test Kitchen TV series on public television. Read more about why we have sponsors. This is a members feature. Our test kitchen teams rely on the same rigorous development process and share the same commitment to creating reliable recipes and trustworthy reviews. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. The most important ingredient you! Sign up to be a Recipe Tester and join the 40,000 home cooks who test our recipes and provide our test cooks and editors with invaluable feedback. Thank you! Download the smartest cooking app around. Download the smartest cooking app around.

The key to quicker caramelized onions is the ingredient we least expected water. YIELD 4 to 8 Makes about 2 cups We prefer yellow or Spanish onions in this recipe for their complex flavor. Slicing the onions through their root end prevents them from breaking down too much during cooking. Caramelized onions are easily added to most any meal. Try them in an omelet, in a frittata, or with scrambled eggs. They taste fantastic on grilled cheese sandwiches, BLTs, and burgers or thrown into pasta dishes and green salads. Try sprinkling them over bruschetta, focaccia, or pizza. They also can be used to spiff up baked and mashed potatoes, rice, risotto, and polenta. 1. Bring onions, 34 cup water, oil, and salt to boil in 12-inch nonstick skillet over high heat. Cover and cook until water has evaporated and onions start to sizzle, about 10 minutes. 2. Uncover, reduce heat to medium-high, and use rubber spatula to gently press onions into sides and bottom of skillet. Cook, without stirring onions, for 30 seconds. Stir onions, scraping fond from skillet, then gently press onions into sides and bottom of skillet again. Repeat pressing, cooking, and stirring until onions are softened, well browned, and slightly sticky, 15 to 20 minutes. 3. Combine baking soda and remaining 1 tablespoon water in bowl. Stir baking soda solution into onions and cook, stirring constantly, until solution has evaporated, about 1 minute. Transfer onions to bowl. Onions can be refrigerated for up to 3 days or frozen for up to 1 month. We are thankful to the sponsors who make it possible for us to bring you the Americas Test Kitchen TV series on public television. Read more about why we have sponsors. This is a members feature. Our test kitchen teams rely on the same rigorous development process and share the same commitment to creating reliable recipes and trustworthy reviews. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. The most important ingredient you! Sign up to be a Recipe Tester and join the 40,000 home cooks who test our recipes and provide our test cooks and editors with invaluable feedback. Thank you! Download the smartest cooking app around. Download the smartest cooking app around.

Have 10 minutes? You can make the best Brussels sprouts that youve ever tasted. YIELD 4 TIME 25 minutes A red jalapeño can be substituted for the Fresno chile. Look for Brussels sprouts that are similar in size, with small, tight heads that are no more than 1½ inches in diameter, as theyre likely to be sweeter and more tender than larger sprouts. 1. Arrange Brussels sprouts in single layer, cut sides down, in 12-inch nonstick skillet. Drizzle oil evenly over sprouts. Cover skillet, place over medium-high heat, and cook until sprouts are bright green and cut sides have started to brown, about 5 minutes. 2. Uncover and continue to cook until cut sides of sprouts are deeply and evenly browned and paring knife slides in with little to no resistance, 2 to 3 minutes longer, adjusting heat and moving sprouts as necessary to prevent them from overbrowning. While sprouts cook, combine chile, lime juice, fish sauce, and ¼ teaspoon salt in small bowl. 3. Off heat, add chile mixture to skillet and stir to evenly coat sprouts. Season with salt to taste. Transfer sprouts to large plate, sprinkle with peanuts and mint, and serve. We are thankful to the sponsors who make it possible for us to bring you the Americas Test Kitchen TV series on public television. Read more about why we have sponsors. This is a members feature. Our test kitchen teams rely on the same rigorous development process and share the same commitment to creating reliable recipes and trustworthy reviews. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. The most important ingredient you! Sign up to be a Recipe Tester and join the 40,000 home cooks who test our recipes and provide our test cooks and editors with invaluable feedback. Thank you! Download the smartest cooking app around. Download the smartest cooking app around.

Allow us to reacquaint you with your favorite pie thick, plush, crisp, and extra-cheesy. And novice bakers, take note Theres no rolling, stretching, or baking stone required. YIELD 4 TIME 1¼ hours, plus 14 hours resting This pizza bakes in a 12-inch cast-iron skillet. Weigh the flour and water for the best results. Use a block cheese, not fresh mozzarella, for this recipe. Avoid preshredded cheese it contains added starch, which gives the melted cheese a drier, chewier texture. 1. FOR THE DOUGH Using wooden spoon or spatula, stir flour, salt, and yeast together in bowl. Add warm water and mix until most of flour is moistened. Using your hands, knead dough in bowl until dough forms sticky ball, about 1 minute. Spray 9-inch pie plate or cake pan with oil spray. Transfer dough to prepared plate and press into 7- to 8-inch disk. Spray top of dough with oil spray. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours. 2. FOR THE SAUCE Place tomatoes in fine-mesh strainer and crush with your hands. Drain well, then transfer to food processor. Add oil, garlic, sugar, salt, oregano, and pepper flakes and process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Sauce can be refrigerated for up to 3 days. 3. FOR THE PIZZA Two hours before baking, remove dough from refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. 4. Coat bottom of 12-inch cast-iron skillet with oil. Transfer dough to prepared skillet and use your fingertips to flatten dough until it is ⅛ inch from edge of skillet. Cover tightly with plastic and let rest until slightly puffy, about 1½ hours. 5. Thirty minutes before baking, adjust oven rack to lowest position and heat oven to 400 degrees. Spread ½ cup sauce evenly over top of dough, leaving ½-inch border save remaining sauce for another use. Sprinkle Monterey Jack evenly over border. Press Monterey Jack into side of skillet, forming ½- to ¾-inch-tall wall. Not all cheese will stick to side of skillet. Evenly sprinkle mozzarella over sauce. Bake until cheese at edge of skillet is well browned, 25 to 30 minutes. 6. Transfer skillet to stovetop and let sit until sizzling stops, about 3 minutes. Run butter knife around rim of skillet to loosen pizza. Using thin metal spatula, gently lift edge of pizza and peek at underside to assess browning. Cook pizza over medium heat until bottom crust is well browned, 2 to 5 minutes skillet handle will be hot. Using 2 spatulas, transfer pizza to wire rack and let cool for 10 minutes. Slice and serve. We are thankful to the sponsors who make it possible for us to bring you the Americas Test Kitchen TV series on public television. Read more about why we have sponsors. This is a members feature. Our test kitchen teams rely on the same rigorous development process and share the same commitment to creating reliable recipes and trustworthy reviews. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. The most important ingredient you! Sign up to be a Recipe Tester and join the 40,000 home cooks who test our recipes and provide our test cooks and editors with invaluable feedback. Thank you! Download the smartest cooking app around. Download the smartest cooking app around.

Enzymes in our saliva can wreak havoc on the textures of starch-thickened foods in a matter of minutes. Serious Eats  Two Bites My daughter eats oatmeal for breakfastjust boiled rolled oats with some sugar and milk. She loves it, but shes a slow eater. Like any 13-year-old, she also sits down for breakfast just a few minutes before the school bus arrives. Inevitably, there are leftovers. I promise to eat it in the evening, she said recently before rushing out the door. When evening arrived, we pulled her leftover oatmeal from the fridge, but the texture had changedit looked watery. Meanwhile, a second portion of untouched extra oatmeal that Id also saved from the pot that morning was not only still thick, it had congealed quite a bit. This seemed rather odd. I couldnt be the only one whos noticed this, right? So I started looking up information about foods thinning after cooking and found several questions posted on various cooking sites over the years. In almost all cases they involved starchy or starch-thickened recipes People often responded with more questions What kind of starch did you use to thicken the dish? How much did you add? How long did you cook it? The original posters answers tended to suggest that these lines of inquiry were dead ends. Serious Eats  Swetha Sivakuma So, why were these foods thinning? Nobody seemed to know for sure, but every once in a while someone in the discussion would float a suggestion that made everyone uncomfortable Did you double dip into the food? Its a question that comes with an inevitable eww! factordouble-dipping is like backwash, and most of us recoil at the thought of gross mouth germs getting mixed into whatever we have yet to consume. If we can put our gag-reflex on pause for just one second, however, theres a lot thats interesting about this suggestion, because what its hinting at reveals more than just the answer to this food-thinning mystery, its a great example of the important digestive powers of saliva. Without saliva, eating and digesting would be a lot harder, and less effective. The mucus in saliva, for example, is essential to swallowing. When we chew, the mucus and water in saliva transform dry or crumbly food into a soft, sticky lump called a bolus, making it easier to swallow. This helps prevent choking and protects the esophagus from damage caused by rough food particles. But the mucus isnt the main point here. Saliva is mostly waterabout 99. The remaining 1 is a mix of mucus, proteins, and electrolytes. Among the proteins are enzymes that help break down food into smaller pieces, making it easier for the body to digest. The most abundant enzyme in saliva is salivary amylase, and this is the critical one to look at in this mystery of foods thinning and double-dipping. Salivary amylases job is to break the α-1,4 glycosidic bonds in starch molecules to form smaller units like maltose and dextrins. That it works inside the mouth isnt surprising that is, after all, where saliva is found. What is surprising is that it continues to work outside the mouth as well, to the potential shock and horror of oatmeal eaters, soup sippers, and party guests crowded around bowls of dip everywhere. Serious Eats  Swetha Sivakuma But this shouldnt surprise you, because youve seen amylase enzymes at work outside their intended environment before. When you hydrate flour to make dough, the amylase enzyme in the flour starts breaking down starches into smaller units for the yeast to feed on, kickstarting the fermentation process and producing gasses that cause the bread to rise. Traditional alcoholic beverages like chicha beer and masato even use saliva to begin fermentation, snipping starches into smaller pieces that can then be fermented by yeasts. Enzymes take the mantra You have one job to do very seriously. Like robots programmed on an infinite loop, they keep doing their job until theyre finally rendered inactive, whether denatured by changes in pH or temperature, or brought to a halt by dehydration. Now that we know amylase can continue working outside the body, the question is What kinds of foods would it affect, and under what conditions? To test this, I needed a few starch-thickened dishes. Here are the ones I tested In all these cases, the dishes were thickened partly or entirely by starch molecules, which is a simple and inexpensive method for making foods less liquid. It works by heating a liquid that contains starch once the temperature exceeds 140F 60C, the starch molecules start to unravel and absorb water in a process called gelatinization. The initially cloudy mixture transforms into a translucent gel, trapping water molecules between the starches. I compared one set of starchy foods left untouched as a control with another set where I licked a spoon and swirled it around the foods. I repeated the licking and swirling process three times. After waiting 15 minutes, I examined the results. Serious Eats  Swetha Sivakuma Why 15 minutes? Researchers estimate that salivary amylase remains active in the body for about 15 minutes before the food we chew and swallow gets fully mixed with gastric juices, where the acidic environment denatures the enzymes. This time also roughly matches the duration it takes to finish a meal. Therefore, whether inside or outside the body, we should see the effects within this timeframe. All the dishes were kept at room temperature, as enzymes work best around body temperature 90-98F 32-37C. If the enzymes did their job, the smaller cleaved molecules would lack the thickening power of the longer starch molecules each dish started with. So, if my hypothesis was correct, the resulting foods should be thinner compared to the control version. Within 5 minutes, I began to see some thinning in the mushroom and potato soups. By 15 minutes, the results were quite significant for both the soup and the oatmeal. There was pronounced thinning and it was easy to visually tell apart the control versus the one with the amylase. Salivary amylase had a clear impact on the texture of these three foods in a brief window of time. However, the cheese sauce and mac and cheese showed very little to no change. Why did the hypothesis fail for the thicker dishes? Most likely, because the thicker dishes depend partly on proteins in the cheese for thickening. Since saliva doesnt contain enzymes that break down proteins, this might have limited the effect. Additionally, the increased viscosity of the cheese sauce could have slowed down the enzymes, reducing their ability to cleave as many starch molecules in the given timeframe. Enzymes work and they do have an impact. But if you are cooking for your family and checking for salt levels 18 times during cooking, you do not need 18 spoons. Enzymes are incredibly efficient at what they do, but they are easily disrupted. You do this on a daily basis. For instance, when you apply lime juice to apples and avocados, you inhibit the enzyme polyphenol oxidase, which prevents browning. Similarly, blanching vegetables before freezing them uses high heat to quickly deactivate the enzymes. Refrigerating foods slows down enzyme activity as well. Serious Eats  Swetha Sivakuma So, when feeding your family, dont worry about licking the tasting spoon. Enzymes need a Goldilocks set of requirements in pH and temperature to function optimally. The more you stray from their optimal zone, the less effective they perform. For instance, putting your spoon into boiling porridge renders them completely inactive. Similarly, tomato or other acidic soups and stews also denature the enzymes. But if you find a suspiciously runny soup, porridge, or roux-thickened sauce or dip in the office refrigerator or at a holiday party, you might want to stay awaybecause the enzymes from someones spit have been hard at work!

Amanda is the Associate Director, Visuals for Serious Eats. She joined the team in February 2022.  She has photographed everything from the Iowa caucuses to an NBA game. Her images have appeared in Philadelphia Daily News, Digiday Magazine, INPUT Mag, Muscle and Fitness Magazine, and more. In 2020, She created and co-founded A Bar Near Me, which raised money through virtual happy hours to support Brooklyn bars at the start of the pandemic Amanda Suarez is the Associate Director, Visuals at Serious Eats. A photographer for the last 10 years, she was thrilled to join Dotdash Meredith in February 2022. Prior to Serious Eats, Amanda worked as a Photo Editor at Shutterstock on the Offset Collection, the print edition of Muscle and Fitness Magazine, and at the travel startup Culture Trip. Amanda graduated with a B.A. in Fine Arts from the University of Pennsylvania. Serious Eats, a Dotdash brand, is an award-winning food and drink website visited by over 7 million hungry readers every month. Our audience comes to us for rigorously tested recipes, science-driven cooking techniques, robust equipment reviews, and stories that offer cultural and historical context to the foods we love to eat. Dotdash is among the largest and fastest growing publishers online, and has won over 50 awards in the last year alone, including Digidays 2020 Publisher of the Year. Dotdash brands include Verywell, Investopedia, The Balance, The Spruce, Simply Recipes, Serious Eats, Byrdie, Brides, MyDomaine, Lifewire, TripSavvy, Liquor.com, and TreeHugger.

Heres our expert guide. Serious Eats  Vicky Wasik There are many excellent culinary uses for raw whole eggs, yolks, and whites, including homemade mayonnaise, Caesar dressing, meringue, and cocktails such as pisco sours and whiskey sours. But there are also some food safety concerns associated with consuming raw eggs, including potential exposure to Salmonella, which can cause stomach cramps, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, andin rare caseseven death. When you want to make a recipe that calls for raw eggs its important to understand and mitigate the potential dangers, especially if you plan to serve the dish to anyone who is at greatest risk of becoming seriously ill from Salmonella more on that below. At the very least, you may want to do as I do and shout, This has raw eggs! to anyone whos going to eat your potato salad thats dressed with a raw egg mayo. One option for avoiding raw eggs is to buy pasteurized ones. As with other foods like milk, pasteurizing eggs involves heating them to a temperature that destroys pathogens, but does not actually cook them. The main problem is that pasteurized eggs that are still in the shell can be very hard to find at US grocery stores. Its easier to find pasteurized egg whites in cartons than it is to find whole pasteurized eggs, in our experience. Serious Eats  Vicky Wasik So what about pasteurizing eggs at home using the precisely controlled temperatures of a sous vide water bath? We found a couple of studies that suggest that this can be an effective method of killing Salmonella, which was more than enough to convince food nerds like us to break out our immersion circulators and try it out while delving into the minutia of pasteurization science. To learn about the potential safety issues with home egg pasteurization, I spoke with James E. Rogers, Ph.D., the director of food safety research and testing for Consumer Reports. Rogers holds a Ph.D. in microbiology and immunology and described himself as a food safety curmudgeon when I previously interviewed him for another article about egg safety for EatingWellhe must wonder why I keep trying to convince him to let me eat raw eggs. Finally, I put eggs that I pasteurized using a sous vide immersion circulator to the test by making mayonnaise with the yolks and meringue with the whiteswould they work as well as raw in these essential applications? Heres what I learned about the potential benefits and dangers of home-pasteurization, plus instructions on how to home pasteurize if you want to give it a try once you understand the process and its limitations. The biggest food safety risk associated with raw eggs is Salmonella, especially Salmonella enterica, specifically Salmonella enterica serovar enteritidis SE. Salmonella can be present on the shells of eggs as well as in the egg whites and yolks. Cooking kills Salmonella, and while fully cooked eggs are the safest, even sunny side up eggs are likely safe. But if there is Salmonella present in raw eggs, people who consume them are at risk of contracting the foodborne illness salmonellosis, which, as mentioned above, can cause gastrointestinal distress, hospitalization, and even death. At the time of this articles original publication July, 2024, the CDC had no reports of active Salmonella outbreak investigations related to commercially distributed eggs in the US, but unfortunately on September 6, 2024, the CDC reported a Salmonella outbreak linked to eggs with a report of 65 illnesses and 24 hospitalizations at the time of reporting. Eggs are not the only food that can cause foodborne illnessesin fact, in June of 2024, the CDC issued a warning about a Salmonella outbreak linked to cucumbers. They reported 551 illnesses and 155 hospitalizations before the outbreak was declared over. While Salmonella enterica is the most common foodborne pathogen associated with eggs, there are other pathogens that have been linked to eggs, including Listeria, a pathogen that can cause illness and serious pregnancy complications, including miscarriage and stillbirth. Serious Eats  Vicky Wasik The highest risk groups for contracting and becoming seriously ill from salmonellosis include those with weakened immune systems, adults age 65 and older, children under five, and pregnant people, according to the CDC and other sources. But if youre a healthy 68 year old with a passion for Caesar salads, are we going to tell you to never eat unpasteurized raw eggs? No, we are not, because we understand that people take calculated risks all the time and the occasional consumption of a raw egg is not at the top of the list of most dangerous things people regularly do. The fact is leafy greens are linked to far more recalls and foodborne illnesses than eggs, so if its a numbers game youre playing, you might as well skip that Caesar altogether. For legal reasons, though, we need to be very clear that experts and food safety authorities like Rogers and the CDC decidedly disagree with our more flexible attitude, and so the official guidance is to avoid raw eggs, especially among those in the defined high-risk groups. If you have any concerns at all, you should follow that official guidance. For the rest of us, its really a cost-benefit analysis. Like me and most of the Serious Eats staff, you might decide that the risks are worth the reward. Or, you might be like Rogers, and take a more conservative approach and choose to avoid raw eggs unless theyve been commercially pasteurized. The thing about doing a food safety cost-benefit analysis is you need to understand the underlying data and logic before you can make any informed decisions of your own. So before we dive into at-home egg pasteurization and its potential benefits and limitations, we first need to learn how food-borne illness risks are assessed and mitigated by health and food authorities. In the case of eggs, the goal is not necessarily to reduce the number of bacteria in a given egg to zerowhich is often impossible without rendering the food inediblebut to reduce it to a level at which the risk of causing illness is tolerably low from a public-health standpoint. Because bacteria can number in the tens or hundreds of thousands if not more in a contaminated serving of food, the goal of pasteurization is to drive the number of bacteria down exponentially until safe levels are reached. This exponential decrease in bacteria is expressed mathematically as a log reduction, in which each reduction represents a tenfold decrease in the number of surviving bacteria In a 1-log reduction, one in ten bacteria will survive in a 2-log reduction, one in 100 bacteria will survive and in a 3-log reduction, one in 1,000 bacteria will survive. It continues in powers of ten from there. According to USDA guidelines, a 5-log reduction is the standard for pasteurized eggs. This translates to a 100,000-fold decrease in bacterial colony forming units CFUs, which can also be expressed as a 99.999 reduction. Wow, I can hear some of you thinking, a 99.999 reduction in nasty bacteria sounds pretty dang good to me! And based on the fact that a lot of very smart scientists came up with that guideline, youre probably right. But percentages can be deceptive, so lets look more closely at the raw numbersit will help us to understand home pasteurization risks later. The goal of pasteurization is to drive the number of bacteria down exponentially until safe levels are reached. First, it helps to know that even a single viable salmonella cell can cause infection. Just one! Sure, the risk is lowthis study states that consuming a single viable cell of salmonella comes with a .25 probability of illnessbut the risk is there. How common is it to encounter eggs contaminated with salmonella in the US? According to CDC estimates, only 1 in every 20,000 eggs in the US is. As you can see, the odds are in any one individuals favor, but multiplied across a large population of eager egg eaters say that three times fast, and the risks of illness become more considerable. The CDC estimates that salmonella causes about 1.35 million infections, 26,500 hospitalizations, and 420 deaths in the United States every year. Next, lets factor in how much unwanted bacteria one is likely to find in a single contaminated egg. According to this study, the average number of CFUs varies heavily depending on many factors but is somewhere between 10,000 and 100,000 on the shell alone not including the interior whites and yolk, which can also be infected, though to a lesser extent. Based on this, even at the higher end of the average range, the USDA guideline of a 5-log reduction would tend to get us down to a sole surviving viable bacterium. What does that 5-log reduction via egg pasteurization translate to in terms of real-world infections? According to a 2005 USDA and FDA risk assessment, a 5-log reduction is enough to lower the total number of infections annually in the US from 130K to 19K. As you can see, its not enough to get the risk of infection down to zero, but its a considerable reduction with a clear public health benefit. At this point, its critical to point out that egg pasteurization doesnt happen in a vacuum. There are scores of variables that can complicate the picture. Things like storage temperatures before and after pasteurization will have a huge effect on these numbersimproper storage can pretty much undo any benefit created by pasteurization, which should be taken into account for all stages of egg handling, but also for storage of foods made with raw or pasteurized eggs. Meaning, just because youre using pasteurized eggs in an uncooked dish doesnt mean you can get sloppy with food handling and storage. One careless step like letting the food sit out at room temperature for too long and what had been a low-risk meal could grow into a mouthful of misery. I know youve had to read a lot to get to this point, but its all going to be very useful in making a decision about whether youre comfortable attempting to pasteurize eggs at home or not. If you search around, you are likely to find several different methods of at-home pasteurization, but the most reliable research and methods we found are focused specifically on sous vide pasteurization, which makes sensepasteurization is largely about highly precise temperature control over extended periods of time, and that is exactly what the immersion circulators used for sous vide cooking do well. When submerged in a pot or other vessel of water, they can maintain a set temperature for extended periods of time while continuously circulating the heated water to minimize variations in temperature. This ability to hold a precise temperature over time makes them the most compelling tool for home pasteurization. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez As Kenji notes in his guide to sous vide chicken, the reduction in bacterial loads in food is a function of both temperature and time. With eggs, the key is to hold the eggs at the correct temperature for long enough for the heat to penetrate all the way to the center of the egg, since Salmonella and other pathogens can be present throughout the eggnot just on the shell, as is a common misconception. What is the correct temperature for pasteurized eggs? Generally speaking, its one that is hot enough that, given enough time, it can significantly lower the risk of pathogens but still cool enough that the egg retains its ability to function like a raw one in a recipe. We found more specific time and temperature guidelines in a couple different research papers. In Immersion Heat Treatments for Inactivation of Salmonella Enteritidis With Intact Eggs, published in 1997 in the Journal of Applied Microbiology, they tested pasteurizing eggs for 50 to 57.5 minutes at a water temperature of 58C 136.4F and within 65-75 min at 57C 134.6F, and found that at this range, Six pooled strains of Salm. enteritidis ca 3 x 108 cfu, inoculated near the centre of the yolk were completely inactivated, leading the study authors to conclude, Immersion-heated shell eggs could provide Salmonella-free ingredients for the preparation of a variety of minimally-cooked foods of interest to consumers and foodservice operators. A second study, Inactivation of Salmonella in Shell Eggs by Hot Water Immersion and Its Effect on Quality, published in 2016 in the Journal of Food Science, tested eggs at various times and temperatures and also looked at the quality of the eggs pasteurized through hot water immersion. They found that the strains of Salmonella they tested were reduced by 4.5 log at both hot water immersion treatments of 56.7C 134.06F for 60 minutes and 55.6C 132.08F for 100 minutes. A 4.5-log reduction translates to a 99.997 reduction in pathogens, or roughly three surviving viable bacteria per 100,000. They also looked at the quality of eggs treated with heat immersion and found that while the yolks were largely unaffected, the whites were altered enough that they performed differently in whipping tests, taking much longer to whip. In summary, the hot water immersion process inactivated heat resistant SE in shell eggs by 4.5 log, but also significantly affected several egg quality characteristics, the authors report. So, phrases like completely inactivated and 99.997 reduction sound great, right? Well, not so fast, says Rogers. He has a number of concerns with home-pasteurization. For starters, while commercially pasteurized eggs have been subjected to rigorous standards to be sure the time, temperature, and method is the exact same every time, and a portion of the eggs are also tested after pasteurization to be sure the pathogens are dead, there are numerous points in the home-pasteurization process when things can go off the rails. Youre expecting consumers to get that right every timethat their temperature is right, that their thermometer is accurate, that the sous vide machine readout is accurate, Rogers says. The problem is that we know from studies that you could ask consumers, How many times did you wash your hands? Theyll say five and then if you look up the video it might have been one, right? He says if you cut corners, cut down on time, or if your thermometer or immersion circulator is off by a couple of degrees, any Salmonella thats present could be passed along to the final dish and make you or your guests sick. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Rogers says its also important to take into account variables like how many eggs youre pasteurizing and the fact that the heat needs to penetrate all the way to the center of the yolk for the proper amount of time in order for the eggs to be properly pasteurized.  I think that there are so many variables that a consumer would have to get right in order to lower their risk, he says. That said, he concedes that while he would never be convinced that the method is guaranteed to work, he does allow that home pasteurizationif done exactly right every timecould lower the risk. While I may have made marginal headway in my game of Convince Jim Rogers to Let Me Eat Raw Eggs, I have to accept that I am never going to get a food safety stickler to fully endorse home pasteurization. But based on my researchand despite the shortcomingsI think I can safely say that using a sous vide setup to pasteurize eggs can reduce the risks of eating raw eggs far more than simply throwing up your hands and saying, Aw, screw it, Im just gonna eat raw-egg mayo because I have no hope of ever meeting the official guidelines. All in all, we can pretty safely conclude the following Does this mean I would serve home-pasteurized raw eggs to an elderly, immunocompromised, or pregnant friend, relative, or stranger? No. I do not want to kill grandma. But I myself feel totally comfortable eating the mayo and meringue made with the eggs pasteurized with sous vide following the recommended times and temperatures. Home pasteurization is arguably a lot better than doing nothing, so if youre a raw egg lover who also owns an immersion circulator, it seems to me its worth taking this extra step to reduce risk. All of the above is the theory. Now we need to consider the practical side How do sous-vide pasteurized eggs work in the types of recipes that require raw eggs? To find out, we took out a trusty immersion circulator and tested a batch of 11 large eggs at a temperature of 135F 57.2C for 90 minutes, starting from the time the water bath reached 135F 57.2C. We arrived at this temperature and timeframe by slightly padding both the ideal temperature and time of 65 to 75 minutes at 57C 134.6F outlined in the paper Immersion Heat Treatments for Inactivation of Salmonella Enteritidis With Intact Eggs. The eggs were fully submerged in a large pot with enough space for the water to circulate freely around them. After the 90 minutes at 135F, we immediately transferred the eggs to an ice bath to quickly cool them to a safe holding temperature. Appearance and texture After chilling the eggs, I separated the yolks from the whites and examined them. The yolks looked completely unchanged by the process, but the whites were noticeably cloudy and felt a bit more viscous than Id expect for a truly raw egg, signs that some of the proteins in the egg white had started to coagulate. Its not solid or semi-solid like a soft boiled egg, but there are still some changes probably going on with that white, says Rogers of the lengthy exposure to moderate heat. After the visual examination, I put the eggs to the test in two popular recipes that are dependent on a raw eggs ability to emulsify fats mayo and trap air whipped egg whitestwo things that cooked eggs are not nearly as capable of doing, if at all. Mayonnaise test For my first test, I used one home-pasteurized egg yolk, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup of extra-virgin olive oil, and kosher salt to whisk together a basic mayonnaise. The mayo came together exactly as I would expect it to with an unpasteurized eggthe egg emulsified the mixture beautifully and fairly quickly. The flavor and texture were also excellent, so I consider this test a total success. The only way it would have been more successful is if we had some cold poached lobster or crab to dip into the mayonnaise. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Meringue test For this test, I enlisted the help of pastry pro Genieve Yam to make meringue with the egg whites following the French meringue in her meringue cookie recipe, although instead of baking the meringue into cookies, we left it unbaked as you would if you wanted to use the meringue to top a pie. The egg whites took more than double the time of unpasteurized eggs to get frothy and then to be whipped into an airy meringue. Rogers says this is likely to be due to the denaturing of the proteinsthe same thing that made the egg whites cloudy. But after the extra-long whipping time in the stand mixer, the egg whitesugar mixture did eventually transform into a meringue that Id describe as a success. The volume was slightly less than I would have expected from a truly raw egg, but the final texture and flavor of the meringue were excellent. If you decide to pasteurize eggs at home using sous vide after reading about the possible risks, heres how to do it. Note that while Salmonella grows very slowly at refrigerator temperatures, I still recommend using eggs youve home-pasteurized immediately rather than storing them. And keep in mind that if there is any Salmonella present in the eggs, it can repopulate over time, so eating food made with the eggs sooner rather than later is the best bet. Its especially important not to let it sit out for more than two hours one hour at higher temperatures. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Though its not guaranteed to work, we believe that home pasteurization using sous vide is a good method of improving the safety of raw eggs. The eggs we tested with this method worked well in recipes, though egg whites took longer to whip. Overall, if you are concerned about the risks of raw eggs and can get your hands on commercially pasteurized raw eggs, that would be the best choice in recipes that call for raw egg, but we like the sous vide method as an alternate way to reducebut not eliminatethe dangers of eating raw eggs.

