Learn more about how you can advance Mayo Clinics mission through philanthropy by contacting the Department of Development. For information about making a gift, call 855-852-8129. To request a medical appointment, see Appointments at Mayo Clinic. developmentmayo.edu Department of Development Mayo Clinic 200 First St. SW Rochester, MN 55905 Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about giving to Mayo Clinic. Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

Easy-to-understand answers about diseases and conditions Takotsubo cardiomyopathy TAPVR TB TBI Tears, decreased production Teeth grinding Temporal arteritis Temporomandibular disorders Temporomandibular joint disorders Tendinitis, Achilles Tendinitis, patellar Tenosynovitis, de Quervains Testicle, retractile Testicle, undescended Testosterone deficiency TGA Three-day measles Thromboangiitis obliterans Thrush, oral Thyroid gland enlargement Thyroid, overactive Thyroiditis, chronic lymphocytic TIA Tic douloureux Tinea barbae Tinea capitis Tinea corporis Tinea cruris Tinea pedis TMD Toenail fungus Tongue tie Tonic-clonic seizure Tooth decay Torsion, testicular Torticollis, spasmodic Total anomalous pulmonary venous connection Toxemia Toxic epidermal necrolysis Transposition of great vessels Traumatic grief Trisomy 21 syndrome Trisomy X Trouble swallowing Trypanosomiasis, American Tumor, salivary gland Tympanic membrane perforation Mayo Clinic does not endorse companies or products. Advertising revenue supports our non-profit mission. Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

At Mayo Clinic, top-ranked doctors and specialists from the Brain Tumor Program work together to provide you with comprehensive, world-renowned care. Your team members may include Mayo Clinic also provides expert care for children with brain tumors. Our pediatric neuro-oncologists work with a team of specialists to diagnose and treat pediatric brain tumors and provide children with the personalized treatment they require. Having all of this subspecialized expertise in a single place, focused on you, means that youre not just getting one opinion. Your care is discussed among the team, your test results are available quickly, appointments are scheduled in coordination and the most highly specialized brain tumor experts in the world are all working together to determine whats best for you. What might take months to accomplish elsewhere can typically be done in only a matter of days at Mayo Clinic. MUSIC PLAYING Unlocking the Power of Gene Expression Molecular classification of brain tumors Joon H. Uhm, M.D., Neurology, Mayo Clinic Molecular testing or DNA testing on tumors -- now, in the 21st century -- needs to be considered for the great majority, if not all, brain tumor patients. Robert B. Jenkins, M.D., Ph.D., Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Mayo Clinic We need to use molecular genetic tools to help improve the classification of gliomas, to determine a patients prognosis, and to determine the kind of therapy that they should receive. Daniel Honore Lachance, M.D., Neurology, Mayo Clinic Brain tumors actually occur as a result of a large number of genetic alterations. Dr. Uhm What the researchers here at Mayo Clinic and across other institutions have found is that looking at the DNA, you can classify brain tumors far more precisely than simply by looking how pink they are, how the cells are dividing. Dr. Jenkins We can use, though, that genetic information to more solidly place these tumors into specific types that might respond to specific kinds of therapy. Ian F. Parney, M.D., Ph.D., Neurologic Surgery, Mayo Clinic Patients with certain molecular classifications that do really well with one treatment but not with another. And as we now have this established as a way that we can look at this information, were really going to be able to tailor our treatments much better and find new treatments better for patients that may be underserved by what we had before. Dr. Jenkins We discovered that the short arms of chromosome one and the long arm of chromosome 19 were co-deleted in a particular kind of glioma. Dr. Uhm What we call 1p19q deletion. This is when two pieces of DNA in the human chromosomes, basically, disappear. And we dont really know why thats a good thing for the patient, but when those two pieces of DNA are missing, that patients brain tumor is actually forecasted to grow a bit more slowly but very importantly, be more sensitive to radiation and to certain categories of chemotherapy. Dr. Jenkins Some brain tumors have 1p19q co-deletion. Some brain tumors have IDH mutation. Some brain tumors have TERT promoter mutation. Some tumors have all three of those. Some tumors have none of those. Some tumors have one or two of those. So we thought, well if we can test the tumors for those three alterations, we could put them into molecular genetic groups. Dr. Lachance By just using three key genetic mutations, gliomas could be classified into five groups that have in common certain important characteristics such as the age of presentation. Dr. Jenkins Those five molecular groups can predict the patients prognosis, meaning how long they can expect to live, and at least two of the groups determine what kind of therapy the patient will get. So for example, a person that has what we called a triple-positive glioma -- meaning they have 1p19q co-deletion, IDH mutation, and TERT promoter mutation -- those patients should be getting chemotherapy and radiation therapy regimen specifically designed for that tumor and that tumor type only. Dr. Uhm If a persons tumor is missing 1p19q, theres no doubt that we should give that patient chemotherapy, either with or after the radiation, and that actually doubles the life expectancy with radiation alone from about eight years to about 15, 16 years, or more. Dr. Lachance The patient that has the combination, say of all three mutations -- the co-deletion, IDH mutation, and the TERT promoter mutation -- we know that those patients have, in oncology speak, median survivals of greater than 15 years and with some patients that are truly long-term survivors. If we treated those patients too aggressively at the onset, when they live 15 to 20 years, they may suffer the long-term consequences of our therapies and be neurologically impaired because of the treatments. When, if perhaps, we could come up with a different approach for those patients that we know are going to do well, they might end up having a better longer term quality of life. Dr. Uhm IDH mutation and telomerase mutation and they also have a very good prognosis. The next one down is IDH mutation only and then you have whats called triple negative. And when you have none of these three good genetic characteristics, that patient -- its not a guarantee that he or she would do poorly -- but it doesnt look well. Dr. Jenkins If they have one of the mutations, meaning if they have a TERT promoter mutation, that group of tumors is what we used to call primary glioblastoma. The most common brain tumor and the tumor of the worst prognosis. If a tumor falls into that group, they get a different chemotherapy and a different radiation therapy. Dr. Parney Were able to use the molecular findings to help augment the information that we get from the MRI scans to get the best surgical approach for an individual patient. If that particular tumor has an IDH mutation, then there is a very strong association with improved survival and outcome if we take out all of the area that we can safely take out. So what we always want to do in any brain tumor surgery is that we want to take out the most tumor that we can safely take out to get the best outcome and survival. Dr. Lachance Each persons tumor is different and therefore, in the end, each person needs an individualized approach to treating their tumor. And its only by having this kind of detailed information available that we can begin to understand the different patterns of patients different tumor types. Dr. Uhm We now have five molecular categories of glioma. Were absolutely certain it goes far beyond five. Itll be 50, 500, who knows. There are thus far 40,000 known human genes. 40,000. And we now five types of human brain tumors based upon genetics. So really, I think the skys the limit. MUSIC PLAYING People who seek care at Mayo Clinic have access to the most advanced imaging and diagnostic tools available. Theres a long history of Mayo Clinic scientists developing those cutting-edge technologies for patient care. Mayo Clinic neuropathologists are skilled in analyzing brain tumor tissue in the lab to make an accurate diagnosis. They analyze many tissue samples every year and have access to the latest in lab technology. Neuropathologists at Mayo Clinic have experience in diagnosing all types of brain tumors, including very rare types. Getting an accurate diagnosis helps your health care team create the most effective treatment plan for you. Innovation by Mayo Clinic doctors and scientists led to the development of magnetic resonance elastography MRE and related slip interface imaging. This advanced imaging technique allows physicians to better prepare for brain tumor removal surgery. The technology provides vital information about the firmness and adhesion of brain tumors. This information allows the multidisciplinary care team to determine the optimal method and timing for surgery in order to reduce the risk of potential complications or follow-up surgeries. Mayo Clinic neurosurgeons perform more than 2,900 brain tumor surgeries each year using the latest technologies and tools available to them, including MUSIC PLAYING Brain  Central Nervous System Cancers Personalized care for each patient Jan C. Buckner, M.D., Medical Oncology, Mayo Clinic Central nervous system tumors are rare in the overall scheme of things. They involve both the brain and spinal cord. Fredric B. Meyer, M.D., Neurosurgery, Mayo Clinic There are 120 brain tumors that adults and children can suffer from. We have perhaps the largest neurosurgical practice in North America, which means we have great expertise and depth in managing the most complex tumors. Dr. Buckner And although they may be rare, at Mayo Clinic, theyre not rare. Our specialized teams are comfortable seeing these rare types of tumors day in and day out. Dr. Meyer We have a team of neuroradiologists who have developed leading MRI technology and programming to help us diagnose brain tumors. Theres a whole host of range of technologies that have been developed here that are unique and leading the way nationally. Some of those technologies would include MR spectroscopy, MR profusion, MR diffusion -- very multi-dimensional approaches to looking at a patients problem. Sameer R. Keole, M.D., Radiation Oncology, Mayo Clinic PET imaging is an incredibly useful tool in cancer care. Different isotopes give different value, but if they have a short half life, the only way you can inject them into a patient is if you have a cyclotron onsite. We have a cyclotron onsite. Dr. Buckner One of the problems with imaging and brain tumors is interpretation of the imaging. At Mayo Clinic, we have a more comprehensive way of obtaining the images, getting all of the information we can possibly get from the image in order to know if this is truly recurrent tumor, progressive tumor, or on the other side, is it an artifact of apparent reduced tumor size when its just the effect of therapies? Dr. Meyer One of the techniques which we have developed here is using awake brain surgery and very complex mapping of the brain surface in the descending white matter tracks to try to preserve neurological function. Its important to remember that the closer a tumor or an epileptic focus comes to functioning brain tissue, the higher the risk. So when that risk is close, when those anatomies are close, we use awake mapping to try to prevent harm to a patient. Alfredo Quinones-Hinojosa, M.D., Neurosurgery, Mayo Clinic The image guidance, to a minimally invasive brain surgery, is crucial to be able to not only understand the anatomy of the brain, but to be able to navigate and getting into all those difficult little places where function is extraordinarily important. And a lot of these new software modalities like functional MRI allow us to have a preconceived idea of the dangerous parts of the brain. So when you go in and you want to take a tumor out, for instance, you have an idea as to which areas you should and should not touch. Those that should not be touched, most likely they need to be left behind so that patients have a much better outcome in the long term. Dr. Meyer In certain types of brain tumors, especially at the base of the skull, theres anatomy that needs to be protected, like nerves that are responsible for vision, for talking, and so forth. Using a Gamma Knife, for example, allows one to radiate that tumor mass but protect the surrounding brain tissue. Dr. Keole The key is whats surrounding that target? Thats where proton beam excels. The proton beam can spare normal, healthy tissues, including those in the brain, by anywhere from 70 to 99 versus our best X-ray techniques. Dr. Buckner One of the most exciting developments recently has been improved molecular diagnostics for brain tumor. Mayo Clinic scientists were instrumental in developing a new classification system for gliomas. Dr. Quinones-Hinojosa We can take the tumors out. We can send them through the laboratory, understand the different molecular pathology and molecular biology of these cancers, but when it comes down to it, what were trying to do is trying to enhance how we personalize medicine and how is precision medicine better utilized for the care of the patient? Every patient has a different molecular subtype. Our understanding in the lab is allowing us to understand how we can treat every patient individually. New molecular biology tools have allowed us to nowadays understand how cancer cells migrate, not only in the brain, but in other parts of the body. Dr. Buckner Not only is each individual tumor unique to that patient but it continues to evolve. It can evolve down different pathways and it is possible to build a mutational tree so that we understand in which direction the tumor is mutating and develop therapies appropriately. Dr. Quinones-Hinojosa And these molecular agents are extraordinarily important to understand, so that way we can put the brakes on those cancers. In our laboratory with our team, we have patented multiple technologies. Multiple drugs can actually play a role in blocking and stopping the cell migration. Dr. Meyer We have a broad range of clinical trials to treat patients with brain tumors across Mayo Clinic. Some of them are chemotherapy, some are radiation, but some of them are also viral therapies and immunotherapies. Dr. Quinones-Hinojosa The Mayo Clinic is at the forefront of utilizing stem cells that we get from either fat from our own body or from our own bone marrow. You can use the stem cells, especially with the way we have used them in our laboratory, as a Trojan horse. We can actually load treatments into these stem cells that we get from our own fat, and we have proven that these are stem cells like little Trojan horses, goes in there, into parts of the brain, localizes a bad cancer cell, and delivers a cargo. Dr. Keole I think as we move into new therapies, including immunotherapies or vaccine therapies, then that really allows us to leverage the bodys immune system to help us fight the tumor. And so the goal is really going to be to try to treat the tumors, but really leave the patient in even better shape after their fight with the cancer is done. Dr. Quinones-Hinojosa So not only are we talking about personalized medicine, but more importantly, were talking about precision medicine because at the end of the day, your body is the best tool that can heal your own body. MUSIC PLAYING With state-of-the-art research and laboratory facilities, Mayo Clinic experts are constantly seeking a greater understanding of brain tumors in order to improve patient care. A variety of clinical trials and other studies of tumor biology, neuropathology and epidemiology may be available to you as part of your brain tumor treatment at Mayo Clinic. Mayo Clinic brain tumor experts provide comprehensive care for more than 5,600 adults and children with common or rare brain tumors each year. Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida, and Mayo Clinic in PhoenixScottsdale, Arizona., rank among the Best Hospitals for neurology and neurosurgery and for cancer in the U.S. News  World Report rankings. Mayo Clinic Childrens Center in Rochester is ranked the No. 1 hospital in Minnesota, and the five-state region of Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wisconsin, according to U.S. News  World Reports 20242025 Best Childrens Hospitals rankings. With the emphasis on collaborative care, specialists interact very closely with their colleagues across all sites. Learn more about Mayo Clinics neurology and neurosurgery departments expertise and rankings. Our patients tell us that the quality of their interactions, our attention to detail and the efficiency of their visits mean health care like theyve never experienced. See the stories of satisfied Mayo Clinic patients. Mike stands proudly upon the North Shore of Lake Superior. In August 2021, then-28-year-old Mike Knudson set out on what he thought would be an adventure-filled hiking vacation inside Glacier National Park in Montana. Little did he know at the time that this journey into nature would be the start of an unexpected life path. It all began innocuously enough just before Mike was scheduled to leave for his trip. One morning before work, he Mayo Clinic has major campuses in Phoenix and Scottsdale, Arizona Jacksonville, Florida and Rochester, Minnesota. The Mayo Clinic Health System has dozens of locations in several states. For more information on visiting Mayo Clinic, choose your location below Mayo Clinic works with hundreds of insurance companies and is an in-network provider for millions of people. In most cases, Mayo Clinic doesnt require a physician referral. Some insurers require referrals or may have additional requirements for certain medical care. All appointments are prioritized on the basis of medical need. Learn more about appointments at Mayo Clinic. Please contact your insurance company to verify medical coverage and to obtain any needed authorization prior to your visit. Often, your insurers customer service number is printed on the back of your insurance card. More information about billing and insurance Mayo Clinic in Arizona, Florida and Minnesota Mayo Clinic Health System Connect with others like you for support and answers to your questions in the Brain Tumor support group on Mayo Clinic Connect, a patient community. 375 Replies Fri, Mar 07, 2025 30 Replies Fri, Mar 07, 2025 16 Replies Fri, Mar 07, 2025 Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

التشخيص الدقيق من أول مرة تعتمد فعالية العلاج على دقة التشخيص. يتميز خبراؤنا بالكفاءة العالية في تشخيص وعلاج أصعب الحالات الطبية. الأعلى تصنيفا في الولايات المتحدة حققت مايو كلينك المرتبة الأولى أكثر من أي مستشفى آخر في البلاد حسب تصنيفات U.S. News.اقرأ أكثر عن التخصصات التي حصدنا أعلى التصنيفات فيها. نحرص على تسهيل إجراءات الحصول على العلاج في مايو كلينك للمرضى من جميع أنحاء العالم. اطلع على مناطق تواجد مايو كلينك أو اختر أحد المواقع التالية لمعرفة المزيد عنه. نجد الحلول لأخطر التحديات الطبية في العالم وأكثرها تعقيدا. تساهم التبرعات وهي قابلة للخصم الضريبي في دعم آخر التطورات في الأبحاث وطرق الرعاية لإحداث نقلة نوعية في الطب.  1998-2025 مؤسسة مايو للتعليم والبحث الطبي. جميع الحقوق محفوظة.

We welcome the opportunity to collaborate in the care of your patients, whether for the first time or if you already have an ongoing relationship with us and our providers. We can connect you with Mayo Clinic physicians and medical services, arrange a visit to your office, provide information about continuing education, and help you find Mayo clinical trials. Clinical trials open to patient recruitment Partnering with hospitals to offer reference laboratory services that complement community-based medicine Partnering with providers to bring Mayo Clinic expertise to patients where they live Learn about career opportunities for physicians and scientists at Mayo Clinic. Offering comprehensive, personalized health care services to practicing physicians A peer-reviewed medical journal sponsored by Mayo Clinic and authored by physicians worldwide Keep up with new developments and trends in medical practice and research at Mayo Clinic. Watch videos on advances in disease and condition treatment, procedures and surgeries, and select Grand Rounds. New presentations are added regularly. Keeping alumni connected with each other and Mayo Clinic Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links Researchers developed a way to track what people ate by analyzing DNA from stool samples. Researchers found that infectious bacteria in diabetic mice rapidly evolved resistance to antibiotics. Scientists found that, when deprived of amino acids, cancer cells cooperated to extract and share them from their environment. February 25, 2025  Peanut-allergic children who could tolerate eating at least a half peanut greatly boosted their tolerance by eating gradually increased daily doses of peanut butter. February 25, 2025  Tiny electrodes placed precisely in the brain let people with spinal cord injuries feel sensations of shape, motion, and the orientation of objects on the skin. February 25, 2025  Researchers found how scratching can worsen allergic skin symptoms but also protect from infection. February 18, 2025  Researchers estimated that 42 of Americans over age 55 will eventually develop dementia. February 18, 2025  Multifocal contact lenses slowed progression of nearsightedness in children, and the treatment benefit continued even after they stopped wearing the lenses. February 18, 2025  Researchers identified antibodies that bind to a previously untargeted portion of the malaria parasite. February 13, 2025  Researchers have made huge strides in learning how to detect signs of cancer in bodily fluids like blood, saliva, and urine. Learn how these liquid biopsies are being tested to aid early cancer detection and guide treatment. January 14, 2025  Most deaths avoided from common cancers between 1975 and 2020 could be traced to prevention and screening efforts. January 14, 2025  A vaccine made by connecting antigens from different flu strains together elicited a more broadly protective immune response than a conventional flu vaccine. Subscribe to get NIH Research Matters by email Mailing Address NIH Research Matters Bldg. 31, Rm. 5B52, MSC 2094 Bethesda, MD 20892-2094 Research in Context Can we slow aging? Research in Context Detecting cancer Risk and future burden of dementia in the United States Brain changes observed during pregnancy Building a better flu vaccine Editor Harrison Wein, Ph.D. Assistant Editors Vicki Contie and Brian Doctrow, Ph.D. NIH Research Matters is a weekly update of NIH research highlights reviewed by NIHs experts. Its published by the Office of Communications and Public Liaison in the NIH Office of the Director. ISSN 2375-9593 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links Esta página también está disponible en español You can play an active role in your health care by talking with your doctor or health care provider. Clear and honest communication between you and your physician or health care team can help you both make informed choices about your health. Its important to be honest and upfront about your symptoms even if you feel embarrassed or shy. Have an open dialogue with your doctor or health care provider ask questions to make sure you understand your diagnosis, treatment, and recovery. Here are a few tips that can help you talk to your doctor or health care provider and make the most of your appointment This page last reviewed on November 30, 2023 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links March 4, 2025 Cancer cells, which can grow and divide rapidly, often compete with each other and with surrounding normal cells for nutrients, oxygen, and other substances. However, studies have suggested that cells in tumors may sometimes need to cooperate to survive. A better understanding of how cancer cells cooperate could provide new targets for treatments. But this aspect of tumor growth has not been studied in depth. In a new study, funded in part by NIH, a team led by Dr. Carlos Carmona-Fontaine from New York University investigated a peculiar characteristic of cell growth called the Allee effect. In the Allee effect, the viability of a cell population drops below a certain cell density. This suggests the cells are somehow cooperating to survive. The study appeared on February 19, 2025, in Nature. To look at whether cancer cells exhibit an Allee effect, the researchers grew several types of cancer cells with various restricted nutrients. They found that depriving the cells of an amino acid that the cells need to grow appeared to create an Allee effect. Only higher-density cell populations survived under these conditions. This indicated that a cooperative survival strategy had kicked in. The team then further explored how cancer cells might be cooperating to survive in low-amino acid environments. Chains of amino acids called oligopeptides can be broken down by cells into individual amino acids. The scientists found that cancer cells released substances into their immediate environment that broke nearby oligopeptides down. Because this occurred outside the cancer cells, any cell in the immediate vicinity could use the resulting free amino acids. Further experiments found that a single enzyme called CNDP2 was needed to extract the amino acids from oligopeptides. When the researchers blocked CNDP2 activity in a variety of cancer cell types, the cells could no longer break down oligopeptides, and the populations died. The team next tested whether blocking CNDP2 could slow or stop tumor growth in living animals. They implanted mice with a type of lung cancer cell known to be sensitive to amino acid deprivation and fed the mice a diet designed to reduce circulating levels of these nutrients. Mice injected with a drug called bestatin, which blocks CNDP2, had substantially smaller tumors than mice injected with an inactive control compound. Even more dramatic results were seen when the team used techniques to delete the gene that produces CNDP2 from cancer cells. When fed the special diet, a significant number of the mice injected with these cells didnt develop observable tumors. These results suggest that inhibiting CNDP2 may be a promising therapeutic approach for cancer types sensitive to amino acid deprivation. Competition is still critical for tumor evolution and cancer progression, but our study suggests that cooperative interactions within tumors are also important, Carmona-Fontaine says. Thinking about these mechanisms that tumor cells exploit can inform future therapies. by Sharon Reynolds References Cooperative nutrient scavenging is an evolutionary advantage in cancer. Guzelsoy G, Elorza SD, Ros M, Schachtner LT, Hayashi M, Hobson-Gutierrez S, Rundstrom P, Brunner JS, Pillai R, Walkowicz WE, Finley LWS, Deforet M, Papagiannakopoulos T, Carmona-Fontaine C. Nature. 2025 Feb 19. doi 10.1038s41586-025-08588-w. Online ahead of print. PMID 39972131. Funding NIHs National Cancer Institute NCI and Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development NICHD American Cancer Society Pew Charitable Trust Fulbright Program Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center New York Stem Cell Foundation. Tracking diet from stool samples Diabetes boosts antibiotic resistance in mice Cancer cells can cooperate to grow Subscribe to get NIH Research Matters by email Mailing Address NIH Research Matters Bldg. 31, Rm. 5B52, MSC 2094 Bethesda, MD 20892-2094 Research in Context Can we slow aging? Research in Context Detecting cancer Risk and future burden of dementia in the United States Brain changes observed during pregnancy Building a better flu vaccine Editor Harrison Wein, Ph.D. Assistant Editors Vicki Contie and Brian Doctrow, Ph.D. NIH Research Matters is a weekly update of NIH research highlights reviewed by NIHs experts. Its published by the Office of Communications and Public Liaison in the NIH Office of the Director. ISSN 2375-9593 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links This is a collection of NIH website archives. You may encounter items within the archives that no longer work or are missing, such as broken links. This page last reviewed on December 13, 2024 Browse other NIH website archives Browse current NIH Institute and Center websites NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links The National Institutes of Health NIH complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. HHS does not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. NIH If you need these services, contact the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS at 1-877-696-6775. If you believe that NIH has failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex, you can file a grievance with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, electronically through the Office for Civil Rights Complaint Portal, or by mail or phone at U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 200 Independence Avenue, SW Room 509F, HHH Building Washington, D.C. 20201 1-800-368-1019, 800-537-7697 TDD This page last reviewed on August 23, 2023 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry Welcome to Tackling the biggest questions in health and medicine, together New York, NY Join STAT in NYC for our first 2025 summit as we explore how advancements in RD are reshaping medicine. Summits Connect with the innovators and thought leaders shaping the future of health and medicine. Learn more about our summits Community Community events are intended to build connections with and in the news areas we cover. Learn more about our community initiatives Stat Live Meet STAT reporters and readers in-person, and learn from key voices in the industry. Virtual Events Hear STAT reporters host compelling discussions with speakers sharing their expert insights and perspectives. Stat brand studio virtual events STAT Brand Studio partners with industry leaders to discuss groundbreaking advances that are shaping medicine and the life sciences. Learn more about STAT Brand Studio New York, NY Join STAT in NYC for our first 2025 summit as we explore how advancements in RD are reshaping medicine. Virtual Join STAT and Takeda on March 25 to explore how plasma-derived therapies are reshaping health care. Register now for this virtual event. Produced by STAT Brand Studio San Diego, CA Join STAT on April 6 in San Diego for expert insights on neurology trends during this years AAN. Virtual Catch up on the biggest news and takeaways from AACR Annual Meeting 2025  one of the most important gatherings in oncology. San Francisco, CA Dont miss STATs West Coast summit examining the impact of AI and emerging tech on health innovation. Boston, MA Join us October 1516, 2025, as STAT brings the years biggest newsmakers to the stage to explore the future of health and medicine. New York, NY Join STAT in NYC for our first 2025 summit as we explore how advancements in RD are reshaping medicine. San Diego, CA Join STAT on April 6 in San Diego for expert insights on neurology trends during this years AAN. San Francisco, CA Dont miss STATs West Coast summit examining the impact of AI and emerging tech on health innovation. Boston, MA Join us October 1516, 2025, as STAT brings the years biggest newsmakers to the stage to explore the future of health and medicine. New York, NY Join STAT in NYC for our first 2025 summit as we explore how advancements in RD are reshaping medicine. Virtual Join STAT and Takeda on March 25 to explore how plasma-derived therapies are reshaping health care. Register now for this virtual event. Produced by STAT Brand Studio Virtual Catch up on the biggest news and takeaways from AACR Annual Meeting 2025  one of the most important gatherings in oncology. San Francisco, CA Dont miss STATs West Coast summit examining the impact of AI and emerging tech on health innovation. Boston, MA Join us October 1516, 2025, as STAT brings the years biggest newsmakers to the stage to explore the future of health and medicine. Interested in sponsoring an event? Contact us for more information. Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. at 2023 STAT Breakthrough Summit Nobel Laureate, Co-inventor of CRISPR Technology President, Innovative Genomics Institute at 2022 STAT Summit Executive Chairman, Merck Chairman of Health Assurance Initiatives, General Catalyst at 2023 STAT Summit Chief Executive Officer, GSK at STATJPM 2023 Commissioner, Food and Drug Administration Well-curated, high impact sessions kept me engaged over both days. Best experience of a healthcare virtual event I have had and Ive gone to a ton! J. Lippman on the 2022 STAT Summit Virtual Produced by STAT Brand Studio Virtual Produced by STAT Brand Studio Virtual San Francisco, CA Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry By Kay Lazar and Liz Kowalczyk  Boston Globe March 7, 2025 In an unprecedented move, the National Institutes of Health is abruptly terminating millions of dollars in research awards to scientists in Massachusetts and around the country, citing the Trump administrations new restrictions on funding anything related to diversity, equity, and inclusion, transgender issues, or research that could potentially benefit universities in China. The sweeping actions would appear to violate court rulings from federal judges in Rhode Island and Washington, D.C., that block the Trump administration from freezing or ending billions of dollars in government spending, said David Super, a constitutional law expert at Georgetown Law, who reviewed some of the termination letters at the Globes request. advertisement In a related case brought by an association of higher education officials that specifically challenged Trumps various DEI executive orders, a federal judge in Maryland twice over the past month blocked the administration from terminating funding, saying in his most recent decision the restrictions punish, or threaten to punish, individuals and institutions based on the content of their speech, and in doing so they specifically target viewpoints the government seems to disfavor. STAT Exclusive Story Already have an account? Log in Already have an account? Log in Monthly 39 Totals 468 per year Totals 468 per year Starter 30 for 3 months, then 399year Then 399year Annual 399 Save 15 Save 15 11 Users Custom Savings start at 25! Savings start at 25! 2-10 Users 300 Annually per user 300 Annually per user To read the rest of this story subscribe to STAT. Kay Lazar and Liz Kowalczyk  Boston Globe Understand how science, health policy, and medicine shape the world every day Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. By Megan Molteni By Anil Oza and Katherine MacPhail advertisement By Elizabeth Cooney By Megan Molteni By Theresa Gaffney By Adam Feuerstein By Angus Chen By Gairik Sachdeva By Adam Feuerstein By Bob Herman Share options X Bluesky LinkedIn Facebook Doximity Copy link Reprints Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry Chronic diseases are the leading cause of death and disability in the world. Learn about the latest research, prevention, and management strategies here. advertisement advertisement advertisement Next Page  Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry By Andrew Joseph March 7, 2025 Europe Correspondent A happy Friday to you from STATs London outpost, ending a week in which the sun decided to finally come back after a few gloomy months. But we here in the U.K. are jealous of those of you in the U.S. with your impending Spring Forward this weekend, as we have to wait another three weeks before we move our clocks ahead. Oh well, nothing another cup of stimulation or perhaps a pint at the pub cant fix. Onto the news.  For the past five weeks, employees at National Institutes of Health technology transfer offices have been barred from filing new patent applications and been restricted from licensing existing ones, STAT reports. Its a result of clampdowns on external communications and new contracts at the agency that are blocking it from sharing research materials with collaborators and taking crucial steps to ensure the discoveries its own scientists are making can later be used in the development of drugs and vaccines. Being such a huge place of research, there was so much going on and a lot was already falling through the cracks, one NIH patent specialist who was recently laid off said. advertisement Marty Makary, President Trumps nominee to lead the Food and Drug Administration, played the Make America Healthy Again movements greatest hits at his Senate confirmation hearing, but faced little pressure from senators to talk about many basic FDA policy issues, STAT writes. On a FDA vaccine advisory committee meeting that was suddenly canceled, Makary promised to take a look at it but did not commit to holding the meeting. He also said he would continue reviewing the data on whether its safe to prescribe the abortion drug mifepristone remotely, and to look for potential drug-drug interactions. He maintained that he had no preconceived notions on how best to regulate the drug. For a full recap of the hearing, heres STATs live blog. STAT Exclusive Story Already have an account? Log in Already have an account? Log in Monthly 39 Totals 468 per year Totals 468 per year Starter 30 for 3 months, then 399year Then 399year Annual 399 Save 15 Save 15 11 Users Custom Savings start at 25! Savings start at 25! 2-10 Users 300 Annually per user 300 Annually per user To read the rest of this story subscribe to STAT. Andrew Joseph Europe Correspondent Andrew Joseph covers health, medicine, and the biopharma industry in Europe. You can reach Andrew on Signal at drewqjoseph.45. Understand how science, health policy, and medicine shape the world every day Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. By Jason Mast By Ed Silverman advertisement By Ed Silverman By Ed Silverman By Ed Silverman By Adam Feuerstein By Angus Chen By Adam Feuerstein By Bob Herman By Adam Feuerstein Share options X Bluesky LinkedIn Facebook Doximity Copy link Reprints Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry Health and Science Sarah Todd started her new beat in January 2025. She joined STAT in October 2022 as assignment editor. She previously worked at Quartz as a senior reporter covering work and labor, and also served as social sciences editor and deputy editor of Quartzs opinion and analysis section. Sarah is based in Brooklyn, New York, where she can often be found at comedy shows and visiting various parks with her dog, Daisy. You can reach Sarah on Signal at sarahlizchar.47. Unlock more articles from Sarah Todd by subscribing to STAT Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

