Lady Gagas talent for the absurd worked well for the show. Lady Gaga made her name bringing a touch of strangeness to whatever she does, and on Saturday Night Live last night, where she played the host and musical guest, she delivered with over-the-top costumes and theatrical choreography in performances of songs off her new album, Mayhem. For the two musical interludes, Gaga was at her most exacting and confrontational. During the dark pop-dance track Abracadabra, she lorded over a horde of stone-faced dancers like a priestess of terror, wearing a sparkly red, full-body jumpsuit and wielding a canehunching over when she wasnt executing the thrashing dance. For a performance of Killah, she donned an oversize purple suit with ballooning shoulders. She seemed to channel both David Byrne and Prince as she pranced through the studios halls, occasionally writhing on the floor. These acts were mesmerizing displays of Gaga committing to the eccentric. But the artists talent for the absurd translated to this weeks comedy too. Nearly all of the sketches in which she appeared were the kind of comedy that you either find hilarious or dont get. The premises were a little complicated and surreal, using Gagas oddball energy to their advantage. Read The Lady Gaga album that previewed a decade of culture wars Take, for instance, the first sketch after the monologue, titled A Long Goodbye. Gaga, in a demure polka-dotted dress and bangs that recalled Zooey Deschanel, at first appeared to be playing something of a normie. The music insinuated a sentimental scene Her character was sad to be leaving her boyfriend Marcello Hernandez to go to study cooking in Paris Hernandez, holding a real black pug, wouldnt join her in France, saying he would drag her down. Quickly, though, the setup veered toward the preposterous. To go to the airport, Gaga hopped on rideable luggagea suitcase that doubled as a scooter. She took it on the highway, where she met a biker gang that also used rideable luggage. But the flaws of the choice revealed themselves, cutting off the maudlin romantic tones that each character evoked The suitcases were slow, leading to a recurring bit where each character broke from their tenderness to scream for honking cars to go around. Eventually, her man set out in pursuit of her, using the same impractical form of transit. Another ludicrous reality became clearthe battery on the scooter ran out, which turned out to be fine, because his dog had followed him on its own rideable suitcase. The whole sketch blended melodrama with inanity to great effect. Elsewhere she played a Satanic Friendlys employee, as well as a funeral director who really wanted to throw a Roaring 20sthemed funeral. But perhaps her greatest role of the night was opposite Bowen Yang in Wonderful Tonight, about a couple on a first date in a fancy restaurant with 1980s vibes. Yang as Gianfranco, in a soul patch and a bolo tie, asked Gaga as Janelle to dance when she announced that she loved the song being playedthe corny classic Wonderful Tonight by Eric Clapton. Initially, they performed the lyrics as written while swaying together. Then they went off book. Yang wistfully belted, Its later that evening, and were wasted in Times Square, to which Gaga responded, So I eat a full Big Mac and I shave off my body hair. As they continued, the song grew odder and odder, involving lines about nipple play and how Italians arent white. The punch line These two freaky people were perfect for each other. Gaga, who wore a form-fitting red dress, didnt look as ridiculous as Yang did, but she made up for that in her deadpan line deliveries and almost-too-good harmonies. Wonderful Tonight again felt like an acquired taste of a sketch, at times off-putting in its goofiness and random in its references. It worked, though, because of Gagas dedication to getting as bizarre as possible while still using her famous pipes to their full potential. Thats the Gaga specialty, which SNL understood She knows that art can be more intriguing when its a little outlandish. It may be a tad inexplicable, but its entrancing all the same.

A new bill proposes making daylight saving time permanent. But for one family, it already is. The rest of America sprang forward yesterday, but Tali and Scott Richards have been here all along. Standard time has mired most of the U.S. in winter darkness for months. In November, Americans willed the sun, which otherwise would have set by 6 p.m. or so in the northern part of the U.S., to set earlier, at 5 or even 4. Those who still have analog clocks and watches cranked them back one hour otherwise, iPhones and other devices automatically thrust the country backward. In their cold town in Connecticut, the Richards family thought,What if we didnt? The Richardses have always been night owls, going to bed later and sleeping in. During standard time, which runs from November to March, theyd sleep through much of the mornings sunlight, only to sit through a long, dark evening. They didnt like messing with their young kids sleep schedules, either. So this year, Tali decided not to change the clocks, and to set all of their devices to the Atlantic time zonethe time zone an hour ahead of eastern time, used by Puerto Rico and Nova Scotia. The family would remain on daylight saving time, even as the world proceeded to fall back. So far, so sunny. Talis husband, Scott, hasnt had any trouble with meetings, because his computer automatically schedules them for the correct time based on his fake time zone. In fact, he likes that meetings start an hour later, giving him more time in the mornings. With fall back, you gain an hour once, Tali told me. This way, it feels like he gains an hour every day. Tali finds herself going to sleep at a more reasonable hour, because her clock tells her its already, say, midnight, when its really only 11 p.m. for her next-door neighbors. When a friend wants to get together, she just has to remember to add an hour to the meetup time. Read The People Who Wake Up Really, Really Early The Richardses 5- and 7-year-old mainly notice only when other people mention the timewhich isnt often, since theyre homeschooled. We were doing a Zoom with the local library, and the librarian said, at some point, Its 120, Tali told me. And my boys looking at the computer, and hes like, Its 220. And that was a little confusing for the librarian. I was just like, Oh, yeah, were just doing daylight saving still. Because, well, no one can stop you from doing that. More people might soon get to experience the Richardses schedule. A bipartisan group of senators led by Marco Rubio of Florida has introduced a bill that would make daylight saving time permanent. Though 15 states have already voted to extend daylight saving time year-round, the change would require a federal move like this bill. In a statement, Rubio cited reduced rates of crime, traffic accidents, and seasonal affective disorder as motivations behind the legislation, plus the fact that changing the clock is rather antiquated. Theres no good biological reason to change the time twice a year, but most health experts support ending daylight saving time, not making it permanent. Studies show that people get better sleep during standard time, because the bright morning light and the reduced evening light make falling asleep easier. In the winter, a shift to daylight saving time would mean the sun wouldnt rise until after 8 a.m. in many places, which could make it difficult for people who need to get to early-morning jobs and classes. Some studies show that the sleep loss induced by daylight saving time is associated with an increase in heart attacks and strokes. When you get sleep deprivation, you start getting increased adrenaline and other hormones, and inflammation that can contribute to stroke and heart attack, says Beth Ann Malow, a neurology professor at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, in Nashville. Still, experts say the bigger problem for health is the changing of the clock, not the precise hour America ends up on. Scott Yates, an entrepreneur and advocate for locking the clock, says hes agnostic about whether the U.S. lands on standard or daylight saving timeas long as it picks one. With the biannual time changes, he told me, I always felt like I was getting this jetlag, without even having the benefits of traveling. Read The Uneven Toll of Sleep Deprivation After seven years of pushing to stop clock shifts, Yates thinks this years bill stands a chance. The Trump era is over, so not every policy is tainted by whether a controversial president supports it or hates it. I backed off my advocacy quite a bit during the Trump years, because I want this thing fixed, but I want it fixed permanently, Yates said. And I was really afraid that Trump would fix it, and everybody would be like, Oh, I dont trust it, because its Trump. Now, he said, Im so happy. I asked Yates about the Richardses planto just live in daylight saving time, no matter what the official clock says. Its great, he said. I always encourage it. In a way, the familys lifestyle illustrates what time isan agreement. Time itself is just the thing that we have come up with, as a society, so that we dont have to say, What time does your flight leave? Oh, you know, when the sun is two hands above the horizon. The Richardses are just seeing time for the construct that it is. Time has felt especially notional throughout the pandemic, because many people have been isolated and following their own schedule. With remote work, your boss doesnt necessarily know whether youre getting up five minutes before your 10 a.m. meeting or youve been up for hours. Things that run on a fixed timetableschool, church, concerts, group dinnershave been suspended for a year for those who work from home, so has the need to be anywhere at a particular hour. Though most Americans will likely be vaccinated by next winter, the Richardses are planning to repeat their time-altering exercise. Scott told me that with the extra sun, this winter felt brighter and shorter than normalsomething few other Americans would say. It was an experiment, Tali said, but it worked better than I expected.

The agency responsible for air safety is facing deep cuts and interference by Elon Musk. Isaac Stanley-Becker730 AM ET Silicon Valleys titans have decided that ruling the digital world is not enough. Kara Swisher800 AM ET The tariffs are real, and they are spectacularly foolish. Rogé KarmaMarch 4, 2025 The VP has made social media into a vehicle for his ascent. Yair Rosenberg900 AM ET Excessive use of the drug can make anyone feel like they rule the world. Shayla LoveMarch 5, 2025 Trumps message is that being his ally serves no purpose, because he will not defend you. Claude MalhuretMarch 8, 2025 Lady Gagas talent for the absurd worked well for the show. Esther Zuckerman134 PM ET A century ago, a German sociologist explained precisely how the president thinks about the world. Jonathan RauchFebruary 24, 2025 The online right is trolling one of its own. Ali BrelandMarch 8, 2025 An audience with the former Republican leader Mark LeibovichMarch 7, 2025 Reality television helped propel Donald Trump to the White House. Now its conventions are helping him expand its powers. Megan GarberMarch 6, 2025 Why has kosher salt replaced table salt in American pantries? Ellen CushingApril 2025 Does your Weltanschauung need an upgrade? Ive got you. Arthur C. BrooksMarch 6, 2025 The Russian dictator has bent the world, including the United States, to his vision. Franklin FoerMarch 8, 2025 Hens are wonderful to keep, but they lay the most expensive eggs youll ever buy. Tove DanovichMarch 7, 2025 The party hasnt shown much of an ability to unite around its best interests lately. David A. GrahamMarch 5, 2025 Hitler didnt want a peace deal, and neither does Putin. Robert KaganMarch 7, 2025 Ukraine is not on the verge of collapse. That makes the Trump administrations decisions particularly shortsighted and tragic. Phillips Payson OBrien and Eliot A. CohenMarch 7, 2025 This is how the bad guys act. Anne ApplebaumMarch 5, 2025 A podcast shows how love divides us. Daniel EngberMarch 3, 2025

What would you do if you found out that January 6 supporters were your new neighbors? When one party tries to claim the concept for itself, will the other partys voters reflexively oppose it? Autocrats dump their democratic allies and keep the company of kleptocrats. For a playbook on how to capture the state, look at the tenure of Louisiana Governor Huey Long. When justice seems like a joke, autocracy becomes more serious. In the first episode of our new podcast, a look at how lies prime a society for a fall A new podcast coming September 6 One familys experience of Russias invasion offers a path to the end of the war. Our democratic habits have been killed off by an internet kleptocracy that profits from disinformation, polarization, and rage. Heres how to fix that. Around the world, authoritarian governments have been using disinformation to disrupt protest movements. The protesters are evolving to take them on. Get our guide to the days biggest news and ideas, delivered to your inbox every weekday and Sunday mornings. See more newsletters Your newsletter subscriptions are subject to The Atlantics Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Subscribe and support more than 160 years of independent journalism.

Mark Leibovich is a staff writer at The Atlantic. He is the author of five books, including three New York Times best sellers, and two No. 1 Times best sellers, This Town 2013 and Thank You for Your Servitude 2022. He is the recipient of a National Magazine Award for profile writing. Before joining The Atlantic in 2022, he spent 16 years at The New York Times, based in Washington, serving as the chief national correspondent for The New York Times Magazine. Prior to that, he worked at The Washington Post, where he covered technology and national politics. He is also a political analyst for NBC and MSNBC. An audience with the former Republican leader Were confused a little bit  But its definitely like, Somethings happening. Watching Trump from the future 51st state The politics of procrastination By pardoning his son, the president shows hes a politician after all. There is no ambiguity here. Store up some enlightenment for the white-knuckle hours ahead. Martin Sheen is doing his very best to pep up stressed-out Democrats. Hes a reminder of the moment when Trump broke free of all consequences. Let me remind everyone that Walz is, in fact, a politician. Get our guide to the days biggest news and ideas, delivered to your inbox every weekday and Sunday mornings. See more newsletters Your newsletter subscriptions are subject to The Atlantics Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Subscribe and support more than 160 years of independent journalism.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Excerpt The Forgotten Bombing Create an FP account to save articles to read later. Sign Up ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Downloadable PDFs are a benefit of an FP subscription. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Gifting articles is a subscriber benefit. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN This article is an Insider exclusive. Contact us at email protected to learn about upgrade options, unlocking the ability to gift this article. Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. On the night of March 9-10, 1945, the 21st Bomber Command, led by U.S. Gen. Curtis LeMay, carried out an attack with incendiary bombs in central Tokyo, the worlds most densely populated urban area. At least 83,000 people died that night, perhaps more, as thousands were reduced to ash. That week, Japanese Emperor Hirohito told his close advisors that he wanted to find a way to end the war before it imposed more destruction on his people. Eighty years later, there remains a strong popular conviction that Japan surrendered in August 1945, ending the Pacific Theater of World War II, because of the two atomic bombs that the United States dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The connection has always seemed clear A few days after the bombs, which killed at least 200,000 people, the Japanese government accepted the Allied ultimatum and terminated the war. Yet from what historians know now, this connection is anything but straightforward. On the night of March 9-10, 1945, the 21st Bomber Command, led by U.S. Gen. Curtis LeMay, carried out an attack with incendiary bombs in central Tokyo, the worlds most densely populated urban area. At least 83,000 people died that night, perhaps more, as thousands were reduced to ash. That week, Japanese Emperor Hirohito told his close advisors that he wanted to find a way to end the war before it imposed more destruction on his people. This article is adapted from Rain of Ruin Tokyo, Hiroshima, and the Surrender of Japan by Richard Overy W. W. Norton  Company, 224 pp., 29.99, March 2025. Eighty years later, there remains a strong popular conviction that Japan surrendered in August 1945, ending the Pacific Theater of World War II, because of the two atomic bombs that the United States dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The connection has always seemed clear A few days after the bombs, which killed at least 200,000 people, the Japanese government accepted the Allied ultimatum and terminated the war. Yet from what historians know now, this connection is anything but straightforward. The focus on the atomic bombs overlooks the impact of conventional bombing on Japans cities. It also overlooks the effort by Hirohito and some of his closest advisors to find a way of ending the conflict that went back to at least March 1945, when Tokyo suffered the worst air raid of the whole war. In a period where nuclear threats are thrown about almost casually, looking back at this history is a sobering exerciseand it serves as a reminder that the ultimate weapon, once widely considered a necessary evil, should never be unleashed again. What followed the bombing of Tokyo was a complicated political process, little understood by Washington. There was a sharp division between Japans army leaders and politicians over how to respond to the growing crisis. The military wanted to prepare for a final apocalyptic battle to defend the kokutai, or sacred homeland, and mobilize the population as a civilian militia to help repel the U.S. invasion. Meanwhile, a peace faction emerged among the political elite, which wanted to find a way to terminate the war as soon as possible. The word surrender was never used, and indeed was not allowed to be spoken in front of the emperor, though termination amounted to much the same thing. The two sides were united only in their desire to ensure that the emperor would retain his throne after the war ended. Hirohito became an advocate for the peace faction through the late spring and summer of 1945, impatiently prodding his ministers to find a way. What he was not supposed to do, according to the constitution, was make the decision himself. The cabinet and Supreme War Council were supposed to reach a unanimous decision on policy, which the emperor would then ratify. Only in an emergency could he make what was called a seidan, or sacred decision, to overcome division. The outcome was a stalemate as the peace faction searched for a solution. In the meantime, LeMays bombing campaign continued remorselessly to destroy Japans cities and smaller towns. By August, nearly 60 percent of Japans urban areas had been burned down, 10 million people had evacuated to the countryside, and the countrys food supplyalready much reduced because of the naval blockadewas further undermined by the bombings. Japan faced a growing social crisis that summer amid the difficulty of coping with mass evacuations and the growing apathy and exhaustion of the workforce. Problems at home induced Navy Minister Yonai Mitsumasa to argue against his colleagues and support an immediate peace. Japans elite was profoundly fearful of communism, which the secret police had harshly repressed in the 1930s. The social crisis raised again for them the specter of social revolution and the prospect that Japans war effort might collapse like Russias in 1917. The more the bombing went on, the more likely it seemed that something would snap. In June, Hirohito insisted that a way to end the war be found. His advisors, who wanted to avoid a possible army coup, suggested asking the Soviet Union to intercede with the Allies to begin the peace process. This was a misguided solution. While the Allies negotiated the future of Europe at the Potsdam Conference in July 1945, the emperor and the peace faction waited for the response from Moscow. By this time, the atomic bombs were ready, and U.S. War Department had already reached an agreement to drop them on the center of a city, complementing LeMays city-busting strategy. On July 26, the United States, Britain, and China issued the Potsdam Declaration, an ultimatum calling for Japan to surrender or face prompt and utter destruction. Although subsequent history has seen the atomic bombing as distinct from the urban bombing campaign, it was in effect a continuation. U.S. President Harry S. Truman hoped that the shock of such a bomb would push Japan to accept surrender, but U.S. military leaders were less convinced and continued planning for the operations to invade the Japanese home islands. By the bombing of Hiroshima on Aug. 6, the emperor had already informed his advisors that the Potsdam Declaration was acceptable in principle, and discussion began over how to proceed. News arrived in Tokyo about Hiroshima, but there was no certainty about what had happened, and formal investigation to ascertain the facts of the attack only began on Aug. 8. It was not until Aug. 10 that a report sent to Tokyo confirmed that the bomb was either an atomic bomb or another bomb of extraordinary power. The reaction to Hiroshima was neither immediate nor decisive. Instead, in the early hours of Aug. 9, news arrived that the Soviet Union was at war with Japan. The Red Army swept aside Japanese resistance in Manchuria in a matter of days. The shock of the news finally prompted the cabinet to act. The greatest fear was that the Soviets might arrive in Japan before the Americans and pursue the same kind of solution they had imposed on Eastern Europe, with annexations, police terror, and a communist version of democracy. News of the Nagasaki bomb did not arrive until later that morning, in the middle of a long Supreme War Council meeting to discuss acceptance of the ultimatum. It made little difference, and confirmation about the nature of the bomb was reported only by the time Japan had already capitulated. The deadlock that had persisted over the summer reemerged during the meetings on Aug. 9. Neither side wanted to reject the Potsdam Declaration outright, but the army wanted conditions, while the peace faction only wanted assurance that Hirohito would remain in place. Finally, it was decided that the logjam should be resolved by the emperor himself. Late that night, Hirohito made his sacred decision He made clear that the ultimatum had to be accepted. The cabinet met and agreed upon the emperors request. The United States was notified the following day that the declaration was accepted, provided the emperor could retain his prerogatives. There followed four confusing days in which the U.S. State Department debated what was meant by prerogatives before Secretary of State James F. Byrnes replied that the emperor would be subject to authority of the Allied supreme commander, in this case Gen. Douglas MacArthur. The U.S. incendiary bombing continued unabated, to Hirohitos acute distress. The Byrnes reply prompted two more days of arguing between the army and the politicians while the emperor explained his decision to the members of the royal family and the senior advisors to the throne. The arguments were once again stifled by Hirohito, who summoned an imperial conference on the morning of Aug. 14, where he told the assembled military and political leaders that the war had to end at once to avert further suffering for his people and that they all had to agree with him. The imperial rescript ending the war was broadcast the following morning, though not before a cabal of young officers had briefly taken over the imperial palace in the hope of finding the recording of the broadcast and possibly murdering the members of the peace faction. The coup was quashed by their commanding general early on Aug. 15. This second seidan sealed Japans capitulation, though it was three weeks before a formal surrender was signed in Tokyo Bay aboard the battleship Missouri. Fear of social crisis, distress at the continuous urban bombing, and anxiety about whether Joseph Stalins forces would get to Japan first all played a part in the final decision. The military leadership accepted the emperors choice with reluctance. It is likely that they really understood that Japan had little prospect of defending itself against the separate Allied threats U.S. and Soviet. Civilian politicians, meanwhile, wanted the war to end so that Japan could rebuild its broken cities and battered industry before social crisis erupted. In all this final drama over the summer months, the atomic bombs played a much less significant role than the popular image of Japans surrender suggests. The bombs were an additional factor, according to the prime minister at the time, Suzuki Kantaro. Too little was understood about what the bombs were, and the Japanese army soon began to argue that they were survivable, like the aftermath of a firebombing. Despite Trumans optimism, even U.S. military leaders could not be sure that the bombs would have an immediate effect, and the Air Force planned for a more extensive nuclear conflict. Early plans in May had called for two bombs on Hiroshima, four on Kyoto, and two on Niigata. Kyoto was removed as a target, but in the second week of August, following Hiroshima, six more cities were selected as targets for the bombs set to come off the production line by December. Truman suspended the atomic attacks on Aug. 10, but because the Japanese seemed to dither over acceptance of the ultimatum, he began to consider renewing the campaign. Even postwar reports by the British and U.S. investigation teams sent to Japan in August and September 1945 suggested that the bombs had not been the decisive factor but rather helped to accelerate a process already under way. Still, their findings on the effects of the atomic bombs were sobering. They compared the damage they found with what might happen to a British or U.S. city. The British calculated that a similar bomb would destroy and damage up to 115,000 houses and kill 50,000 people U.S. calculations found that in major cities, all the buildings up to a mile and a half from the epicenter of the bomb would be destroyed. The British report concluded with characteristic understatement that defense against a nuclear attack represented a formidable problem. Neither country in the end has ever had to cope with this reality. The atomic bombing was a horrendous experience for those who suffered it, and yet the two bombs might not have been necessary for Allied victory at all. Bombing always produces widespread civilian losses, as evident today in Gaza and Ukraine as it was in Japan in 1945. The last thing the world needs is for states to turn to modern thermonuclear bombs, which would achieve a level of destruction well beyond Hiroshima or Nagasaki. Everyone must hope that the first use of nuclear weapons will remain the last. Books are independently selected by FP editors. FP earns an affiliate commission on anything purchased through links to Amazon.com on this page. Richard Overy is a historian who has written and edited more than 30 books, including Rain of Ruin Tokyo, Hiroshima, and the Surrender of Japan. He is an honorary professor of history at the University of Exeter. His book Blood and Ruins The Last Imperial War won the Society of Military Historys Distinguished Book Award for 2023. Commenting on this and other recent articles is just one benefit of a Foreign Policy subscription. Already a subscriber? Log In. Subscribe Subscribe View Comments Join the conversation on this and other recent Foreign Policy articles when you subscribe now. Subscribe Subscribe Not your account? Log out View Comments Please follow our comment guidelines, stay on topic, and be civil, courteous, and respectful of others beliefs. I agree to abide by FPs comment guidelines. Required The default username below has been generated using the first name and last initial on your FP subscriber account. Usernames may be updated at any time and must not contain inappropriate or offensive language. Username I agree to abide by FPs comment guidelines. Required Historical records show that dropping atomic bombs was the least bad option.  U.S. leaders must take responsibility for past nuclear atrocities.  By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time.  Signed Up Youre on the list! More ways to stay updated on global news  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up The idea of a global clash of civilizations wasnt wrongit was just premature. The Trump-Zelensky shouting match is a reminder that international diplomacy was never meant to be carried out in front of billions of eyes. Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington. Americas first post-literate president has only geography to fall back on.     FPs flagship evening newsletter guiding you through the most important world stories of the day, written by Alexandra Sharp. Delivered weekdays. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time.  Signed Up Specialty rates for students and faculty. Lock in your rates for longer. Unlock powerful intelligence for your team. Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads FP Live Fareed Zakaria Looks Ahead to 2025 Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Already an FP Subscriber? Login On-demand recordings of FP Live conversations are available to FP subscribers. Ask a Question Ask a Question Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Every January, FP Live dedicates one episode to looking ahead at the next calendar year. What will 2025 hold in store for global politics, conflict, and the world order? Join Ravi Agrawal in conversation with Fareed Zakaria, CNN host and bestselling author, for the second of a two-part series looking back and ahead as a new year begins. Fareed Zakaria plays the annual predictions game on FP Live. Insider  Ravi Agrawal Go to the FP Live Podcast page Prefer to listen? Follow the FP Live podcast for the entire conversation, plus other in-depth discussions, wherever you get your podcasts. FP Live  Dana Sherne Fareed Zakaria on the scrambling of our political spectrumsand how thats a sign of a broader revolution afoot. Insider  Ravi Agrawal Back to the FP Live landing page Ask a Question Ask a Question Registered Ask a Question Ask a Question Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Be the first to hear about upcoming FP Live interviews with leading foreign-policy experts. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time.  Signed Up Donald Trump has engineered stark changes in U.S. foreign policy, particularly on relations with Europe and on the issues of trade and immigration. But what about China? Rush Doshi helped shape and execute the Biden administrations China policy. Now out of office, he joined FP Live to discuss the broader trajectory of the U.S.-China relationship. Watch Now Watch Now Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Are human rights at a modern low point? One can certainly make that case, with conflict on multiple continents, refugee crises, and the rise of authoritarianism. Kenneth Roth was the executive director of Human Rights Watch for nearly 30 years. Roth will sit down with FPs Ravi Agrawal to put in context the state of human rights today and how to achieve better outcomes. Watch Now Watch Now Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Insider AccessEvery year, spy chiefs and world leaders arrive in Munich for a summit to discuss the biggest defense and national security issues on their minds. Join in on a special Insider Access call to debrief on Munich and the early weeks of the Trump presidency. Watch Now Watch Now Subscribe to FP Insider to submit questions for this FP Insider Live interview. ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Subscribe to FP Insider to submit questions for this FP Insider Live interview. ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN At the Munich Security Conference, Finnish President Alexander Stubb will sit down with FPs Ravi Agrawal. The two will discuss trade tensions with the Trump White House, the rise of the far right across Europe, and the fate of Ukraine. Watch Now Watch Now Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Back to the FP Live landing page Foreign Policys forum for live journalism, convening experts and world leaders. ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Your email address Not You? Log Out All FP Email Preferences Subscribe Close Window Close Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads FP Live A Debrief on the Munich Security Conference Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Already an FP Subscriber? Login Subscribe to FP Insider to watch this FP Insider Live discussion. Upgrade Now Subscribe Now Every year, spy chiefs and world leaders arrive in Munich for a summit to discuss the biggest defense and national security issues on their minds. Foreign Policys team of editors and reporters will be there, interviewing top officials on and off the record. But theyre keeping some of the best dishy details for FPs Insiders, the magazines highest tier of access. Join in on a special Insider Access call to debrief on Munich and the early weeks of the Trump presidency. Back to the FP Live landing page Ask a Question Ask a Question Registered Ask a Question Ask a Question Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Be the first to hear about upcoming FP Live interviews with leading foreign-policy experts. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time.  Signed Up Donald Trump has engineered stark changes in U.S. foreign policy, particularly on relations with Europe and on the issues of trade and immigration. But what about China? Rush Doshi helped shape and execute the Biden administrations China policy. Now out of office, he joined FP Live to discuss the broader trajectory of the U.S.-China relationship. Watch Now Watch Now Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Are human rights at a modern low point? One can certainly make that case, with conflict on multiple continents, refugee crises, and the rise of authoritarianism. Kenneth Roth was the executive director of Human Rights Watch for nearly 30 years. Roth will sit down with FPs Ravi Agrawal to put in context the state of human rights today and how to achieve better outcomes. Watch Now Watch Now Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Insider AccessEvery year, spy chiefs and world leaders arrive in Munich for a summit to discuss the biggest defense and national security issues on their minds. Join in on a special Insider Access call to debrief on Munich and the early weeks of the Trump presidency. Watch Now Watch Now Subscribe to FP Insider to submit questions for this FP Insider Live interview. ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Subscribe to FP Insider to submit questions for this FP Insider Live interview. ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN At the Munich Security Conference, Finnish President Alexander Stubb will sit down with FPs Ravi Agrawal. The two will discuss trade tensions with the Trump White House, the rise of the far right across Europe, and the fate of Ukraine. Watch Now Watch Now Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Back to the FP Live landing page Foreign Policys forum for live journalism, convening experts and world leaders. ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Your email address Not You? Log Out All FP Email Preferences Subscribe Close Window Close Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Essay A New Multilateralism Create an FP account to save articles to read later. Sign Up ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Gifting articles is a subscriber benefit. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN This article is an Insider exclusive. Contact us at email protected to learn about upgrade options, unlocking the ability to gift this article. Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Gordon Brown is a former prime minister of the United Kingdom and the U.N. special envoy for global education. Brown is a co-author of Permacrisis A Plan to Fix a Fractured World, with Mohamed A. El-Erian, Michael Spence, and Reid Lidow.  Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Argument Its Time for a New Trans-Atlantic Bargain Create an FP account to save articles to read later. Sign Up ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Gifting articles is a subscriber benefit. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN This article is an Insider exclusive. Contact us at email protected to learn about upgrade options, unlocking the ability to gift this article. Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Ivo H. Daalder is CEO of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs and a former U.S. ambassador to NATO.    Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

Measures including linking the pay of senior civil servants to performance are expected to be unveiled this week. Kemi Badenoch previously criticised how some foreign criminals and illegal migrants were using the act. Starmer is confronting difficult dilemmas after Zelensky and Trumps showdown, writes Laura Kuenssberg. Police detain a man after he scales the Elizabeth Tower in Westminster on Saturday morning. Funds worth 2.5bn - meant to help Ukrainians - remain frozen in a UK bank account over a row about how to use them. Kemi Badenoch previously criticised how some foreign criminals and illegal migrants were using the act. The Reform UK leader acknowledges the row has dented the sense of unity in his party. Parents are once again able to bring their children to join them in the UK, after months of being separated. Starmer is confronting difficult dilemmas after Zelensky and Trumps showdown, writes Laura Kuenssberg. It comes after EU leaders agreed a major package to boost military spending at an emergency summit. Former city politician Derek Hatton has also been charged after an investigation by Merseyside Police. The MP behind the bill says proposals have been altered in a bid to gain government support. From April, an offenders ethnicity or faith will be a bigger factor in deciding whether to jail them. The remarks were condemned by the Conservatives as flagrantly antisemitic. The PM refrained from criticising JD Vance and chose to read out the names of fallen British soldiers. President Macron has aired the idea that Frances deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. The Chancellor has earmarked several billion pounds in draft spending cuts to welfare. Following her decision to stand down, the SNP MP opens up on her mental health struggles at Westminster ahead of a new BBC documentary. The briefing that Rachel Reeves will make large spending cuts this month is very significant. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

Measures including linking the pay of senior civil servants to performance are expected to be unveiled this week. Kemi Badenoch previously criticised how some foreign criminals and illegal migrants were using the act. Chancellor Rachel Reeves will give more detail about the governments plans for the economy. The PM seizes the spotlight as Trump upends the world order - but he faces serious challenges in the UK. Police detain a man after he scales the Elizabeth Tower in Westminster on Saturday morning. Kemi Badenoch previously criticised how some foreign criminals and illegal migrants were using the act. The Reform UK leader acknowledges the row has dented the sense of unity in his party. Parents are once again able to bring their children to join them in the UK, after months of being separated. Chancellor Rachel Reeves will give more detail about the governments plans for the economy. Funds worth 2.5bn - meant to help Ukrainians - remain frozen in a UK bank account over a row about how to use them. It comes after EU leaders agreed a major package to boost military spending at an emergency summit. Former city politician Derek Hatton has also been charged after an investigation by Merseyside Police. The MP behind the bill says proposals have been altered in a bid to gain government support. From April, an offenders ethnicity or faith will be a bigger factor in deciding whether to jail them. The PM refrained from criticising JD Vance and chose to read out the names of fallen British soldiers. President Macron has aired the idea that Frances deterrence force could be used to defend of other European countries. The Chancellor has earmarked several billion pounds in draft spending cuts to welfare. Following her decision to stand down, the SNP MP opens up on her mental health struggles at Westminster ahead of a new BBC documentary. The briefing that Rachel Reeves will make large spending cuts this month is very significant. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

