How do I subscribe to New Scientist? Click here to subscribe online, or use these contact details if youd prefer to subscribe over the phone. What payment types do you accept? Subscriptions can be paid for by cheque or creditdebit card, or a continuous subscription can be taken out by Direct Debit or Continuous Card Authority. A UK bank account is required for Direct Debit subscriptions. Payment types and subscription durations may be restricted for promotional offers What currencies do you accept? The currency you transact in is automatically selected based on either the region you are purchasing from, or for a gift subscription, the country in which the recipient of the gift subscription resides. Currencies are as follows United Kingdom Sterling Europe Euros United States and Canada US Dollars Australia and New Zealand Australian Dollars All other countries US Dollars Please contact your bank or card issuing company with questions on any conversion rate charges that may apply. Where can I update my details or renew my subscription? Log in to newscientist.com and click the green Your account button at the top of the page. Here you can manage your subscription details and renew your subscription. If you need further assistance, please contact us here. How do I cancel my subscription? You can cancel your subscription at any time by contacting us on the phone or by email. You can also cancel online using the Help tab on the Manage My Subscription page. Your subscription will continue until the current payment term ends. New Scientist will only offer you a refund if you cancel during your cooling off period, within 14 days of a payment being taken. Why subscribe to New Scientist? Heres what you get with a New Scientist subscription If youd like a printed copy of the Essential Guides, these can be purchased from the New Scientist Shop. Can I get a refund on an events ticket, course or Essential Guide I have purchased? Unfortunately, we do not offer refund for events, courses or Essential Guides. I have another subscriber benefits query If you cant find the answer to your question here, please contact our customer service team. How do I advertise with New Scientist? For further information about our advertising solutions, please see our media information. Find this at any time by clicking the Advertise with us link at the bottom of every page. How can I contact the author of an article? You can email the section that the article appeared in for further information Features, News, Letters, Feedback or The Last Word. More details of how to contact us can be found here. Where should I send information about a productdiscovery I would like New Scientist to cover? Press releases should be sent to the news desk. We regret that due to the number of press releases received, a personal reply will not usually be possible. How can I get in touch with an expert on my illness? The staff at New Scientist magazine are not medical experts, and as such we are not equipped to advise on medical matters. If you have questions about your illness, please discuss them with your doctor. How can I get in touch with suppliers about products Id like to buy? If an article mentions a product, the article itself will usually contain all the necessary information to contact the research team or company developing the product. It is unlikely that we have any further details. How can I get my letter published in the magazines Letters section? What are the terms and conditions? Letters to the Editor are for publication. Please include your postal address, telephone number, and an article reference issue, page number, title. New Scientist reserves the right to edit letters and use any submissions sent to the letters column in any other format. If you want to send a private message about the content of an article, you can find the appropriate contact details here. Due to the volume of correspondence we receive, we regret that we cannot guarantee a reply. What is a free New Scientist account? A free New Scientist account gives you access to a limited selection of stories on newscientist.com plus our newsletters. If you have a New Scientist account, log in to manage your account settings and newsletter preferences. If you dont have an account yet, sign up here. How do I create a New Scientist account? You can create an account here. What is unlimited online access to newscientist.com? A limited number of stories are available for non-subscribers to read on newscientist.com, but with a subscription you can access our entire library of 115,000 online articles, our crossword archive with new puzzles every week, and our subscriber events and other exclusive benefits. How do I get unlimited online access? Unlimited online access for individual subscribers Become a subscriber to get unlimited access to newscientist.com. This includes access to an archive of content spanning more than 30 years. If you are already a subscriber but havent yet got a log in for newscientist.com, you can register here. Unfortunately, subscriptions to the New Scientist app purchased from the app store, Google Play or Zinio do not include unlimited access to newscientist.com. Unlimited online access for institutions If you are interested in accessing full online access on behalf of a school, college of FEHE, charity, university, public sector department, corporation, company or government department, you will need to apply for educational or corporate access. Contact us for additional information. Unlimited online access for Open Athens  SAML users You can log in using your Open Athens  SAML authentication details if you have subscribed to New Scientist via Eduserv. If you are having problems logging via this page, please contact your Athens Administrator in the first instance. Will New Scientist be providing access via the UK Access Federation? We have no plans to implement Shibboleth or provide federated access at present. Customers moving from Athens to the Access Federation may wish to consider another access route, such as an Educational access or Corporate access licence with IP authentication, or renegotiating Athens access with Eduserv. I am a subscriber, but when I log in, I dont get access to all articles Please check that you are logged in with the email address that you subscribed with. If the email is correct and you still dont have full access, please contact us here. Why cant I access all content? Unlimited online access is only available to New Scientist subscribers. If you are not a subscriber yet, you can find our latest subscription offers here. If you are already a subscriber, make sure youre logged in. If you have forgotten your password, reset it here. Unfortunately, subscriptions to the New Scientist app purchased from the app store, Google Play or Zinio do not include unlimited access to newscientist.com. We will need to be able place a cookie on your computer to maintain your unlimited online access. If you are experiencing technical difficulties staying logged in, please check here for further information. Can I subscribe to unlimited online access only and not the print magazine or New Scientist app? Youu can find our latest subscription offers here. If you cant find the package type that youre looking for, please contact us using these details and we can help get your subscription set up. Why am I returned to the home page every time I log in? You may need to adjust settings on your computer so that we can set a session cookie. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information on how we use cookies and how to adjust your settings. Why arent my details being recognised when I try to log in? If you see the error message The password or email you entered is incorrect, then you may have mistyped your details. If the problem persists, please reset your password and try copying and pasting the details from the reset email. Remember that your details are case-sensitive. I have forgotten my newscientist.com password You can reset your password here. When I try to reset my password, my email address is not recognised If you already set a password, then there may be a spelling error in the email we have on file for you, or you may you have created an account using a different email. Try some of your previous email addresses, if you have any. If you are a subscriber and need to update your email, you can do this via your online account or you can call our customer services team who will be happy to help. How do I change my password? While logged in, you can change your password on the Account settings page if you have a New Scientist account or a subscription. Or, you can reset your password here. Where can I change the email I use to log in? To update your email address, log in to your New Scientist account. Once logged in, go to Account settings and select Personal details. Here you will be able to update your email account associated with your New Scientist account. I cant find the article Im looking for To search for an article, use the search keywords box located at the top of the website next to the account button, and enter as many relevant keywords relating to the article as you can. If youre still unable to find a specific article that you believe should be on the website, please contact us with as much information about it as possible and we will try to assist. Is there a subscription fee for your website? Do you have to create an account to use it? Newscientist.com has a limited amount of free content. Paid for content is available to subscribers. If you are already a subscriber but havent yet registered for an online account, you can sign up here for unlimited access to newscientist.com. Unfortunately, subscriptions to the New Scientist app purchased from the app store, Google Play or Zinio do not include unlimited access to newscientist.com. How do I subscribe to the email newsletter? You can see our full collection of newsletters and choose which ones youd like to see at newscientist.comsign-up. How do I unsubscribe from emails or update my other contact preferences? Log in to update your email preferences here. If youve forgotten your password, you can reset it here. Once youre logged in, click on account then contact preferences. Here you can check or uncheck the relevant boxes. Once youve made your selections, click the blue Update button at the bottom. Please note that these changes can take up to 24 hours to take effect. You can also unsubscribe from individual emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email. Please note this will only unsubscribe you from that specific mailing list. For example, if you click to unsubscribe from the health newsletter, but also receive the daily newsletter, you will be unsubscribed from the health emails but continue to receive the daily. Why does newscientist.com have ads? The advertising on our newscientist.com supports our journalism and the technical development of our website. How can I remove browser pop-ups or notifications? We use web push notification software to send updates to our readers about articles and other news. Upon visiting our website for the first time, you will receive a pop-up in your browser Safari or Chrome asking if you would like to receive notifications from New Scientist. We have no control over permissions once you have selected either Yes or No. If you would like to remove these push notifications from your browser, please follow the instructions for your browser Chrome Safari Firefox What are the small white boxes or pop up notifications on my web browser? Notifications are a function of your web browser settings through Chrome or Safari or Firefox. To begin receiving them, you had opted in previously. To manage them, you can do within your browser settings. Heres instructions how. Chrome Safari Firefox How can I get a back issue of the printed magazine? We have back issues from the past 4 months available to purchase at shop.newscientist.com. For older issues please visit www.mags-uk.com. You can email Mags UK on supportmags-uk.com, or call them on 01795662976 0930-1330 GMT Mon-Fri. Back issues are also available to read on the New Scientist App. If you have an active subscription, you can log into the app, click the magazine tab and scroll to the issue you want. How do I get hold of an old article from the magazine? If the article is from after 1989, you can use the search button at the top of the website. Content from our archive is available on newscientist.com to all subscribers. If the article is from earlier than 1989, you may be able to find it in libraries. How do I get permission to reuse New Scientist material? If you are interested in re-using New Scientist material you should read the syndication page for information on permissible use of content and to ensure you will not be violating copyright. Can I use one of your pictures or contact one of your artists? Most of the photographs we use come from photo libraries  check the credit next to the picture for the name of the company. The copyright on these pictures does not belong to New Scientist, and we cant give permission to use them. If you cant find a number for the photo library in question, you can email the picture desk for contact information. New Scientist does commission a lot of original artwork, but the copyright always belongs to the artist who did the work. If youre interested in one of these pieces or in the artist who created it, you should contact the art department by email and well pass your request along to the artist. Where can I find out about New Scientists circulation or readership? New Scientist is a science magazine for everyone, both young  old, amateur  professional. For more details, please see our media information. Where can I buy a copy on the news stand? New Scientist can be found in selected supermarkets, newsagents and bookstores in the UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. In the Canada, New Scientist can be found in selected outlets of Chapters Indigo Do you provide work experience opportunities? Unfortunately we do not accept people on work placements or work experience. Constraints on time and money prevent us from offering such opportunities. You can view our searchable data base of science jobs atNew Scientist Jobs. How do I apply for a permanent position at New Scientist? When we are recruiting, advertisements appear both in the magazine and on our recruitment website, New Scientist Jobs. Look out for the ads, or sign up for our Jobs By Email service. You can also follow us on LinkedIn here. What is sponsored content? Selected organisations sponsor New Scientist content in return for the display of their name and logo. New Scientist retains full editorial control, giving no sponsor any influence over any content, including choice of topics, the views expressed, or the style of presentation. Can I send in an article for publication in New Scientist? The vast majority of the news section of New Scientist magazine is written by staffers but we do publish the occasional freelance piece. Most of our feature articles are written either by researchers who usually give first hand accounts of work in which they are involved or by science journalists, but we are open to anyone who can write in our style on topics which we find exciting. We dont encourage people to send in full-length material out of the blue because we will often not have time to read it. If you have a good idea for a feature article, you should send a short synopsis  no more than 400 words  by email to the features editor. If you are a freelance journalist interested in pitching a news story, please check our Guide for Freelancers for further information. And everyone is welcome to send letters for publication, though you must include a postal address for your letter to be published. Can you help with my essay, research paper or project? The quickest way we can provide you with information for your project is via this web site. Please use the search function in the header above to find articles of interest or explore by subject to find the most up-to-date information on popular topics. Some articles are only available to subscribers. Many libraries also hold back copies of New Scientist magazine for research purposes. How do I make a complaint? If you have a complaint about something, please get in touch with the relevant team using the contact details here. Download the app

Advertisement You may think that time started 13.8 billion years ago at the birth of the universe, but physicists with alternative definitions of time have other ideas By Jon Cartwright 18 February 2025 NASAAdboe Stock Ryan Wills NASAAdboe Stock Ryan Wills Our universe is expanding, so it must have been smaller in the past. Indeed, if we rewind our cosmological movie, we see the universe shrinking back almost to a point  the big bang  some 13.8 billion years ago. Is this when time began? Alas, things arent so simple. Albert Einsteins general theory of relativity tells us that the backdrop of the universe is a fluid continuum, space-time, in which neither space nor time has an absolute meaning. Whats more, at the big bang, space-time distorts into a point of infinite density called a singularity. We cant say this is where time begins, only that it marks a rupture beyond which we cannot extrapolate. Even so, some cosmologists believe there was a before the big bang. Some suggest that another universe preceded ours, and that this one contracted and then bounced at the big bang, resulting in the expanding era we now observe. More radically, cosmologist Roger Penrose has proposed that new universes can emerge from ones that dont contract, through a dramatic rescaling of all space-time. Read moreRoger Penrose Consciousness must be beyond computable physics Read more Roger Penrose Consciousness must be beyond computable physics In both these scenarios, time is eternal, but thats just one possibility. The late cosmologists Stephen Hawking and James Hartle suggested that time was once an ordinary dimension like space, which got derailed at the big bang into space-time. Another outlandish idea is that space-time is made of particle-like pieces. If so, these could be arranged in different phases, akin to steam and liquid water. Maybe the big bang was the point at which they condensed into the fluid, continuous space-time we observe today. Advertisement Receive a weekly dose of discovery in your inbox! Well also keep you up to date with New Scientist events and special offers. To continue reading, subscribe today with our introductory offers Existing subscribers Advertisement Explore the latest news, articles and features Features Subscriber-only Features Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only Comment Subscriber-only Trending New Scientist articles Advertisement Download the app

Contact us about your New Scientist or New Scientist Essential Guide subscription For all subscription queries, please contact our customer care team via email below. Please allow up to 3 working days for a response. UK subscriptionsnewscientist.com USACanada subscriptions.USnewscientist.com AustraliaNew Zealand subscriptions.AUnewscientist.com Rest of World subscriptionsnewscientist.com Alternatively, you can contact us by phone UK 0330 333 9470 9am  5pm Monday to Friday UK Time USCAN 1 888 822 3242 7.30am  7pm Monday to Friday CST AUS 1300 130 226 9am  6pm Monday to Friday AET NZ 61 2 8355 8923 9am  6pm Monday to Friday AET ROW 44 330 333 9470 9am  5pm Monday to Friday UK Time Contact us about items published by New Scientist If you have a letter for the editor, please contact lettersnewscientist.com If you have an enquiry or feedback about an article, please contact lettersnewscientist.com If you have a question for The Last Word, or would like to contact the editor of The Last Word, please contact lastwordnewscientist.com If you would like to contact the author of a feature, please contact featuresnewscientist.com If you have an amusing anecdote for the Feedback column, or if you would like to contact the editor of the Feedback column, please contact feedbacknewscientist.com If you have an enquiry about artwork, please contact picturesnewscientist.com If you would like to get in touch with the news desk, please contact newseditorsnewscientist.com Contact us with your technical problems If you are experiencing technical difficulties with your New Scientist account, or encounter an issue with the New Scientist website for example, a broken link please contact customerhelpnewscientist.com If you are having trouble accessing your registered newscientist.com account please ensure you have activated your email and created a password following links that were sent to your email address. If you cannot log in after verifying your email, try resetting your password at newscientist.comlost-password If you are still experiencing problems, please contact customerhelpnewscientist.com Contact us about New Scientist products and services If you would like to advertise a job with New Scientist, please contact nssalesnewscientist.com If you have an enquiry about New Scientist Live or any of our events, please contact livenewscientist.com If you would like to order a back issue of New Scientist, please head to shop.newscientist.com for the last 3 months of issues, or for up to two years visit mags-uk.com or contact supportmags-uk.com If you have an enquiry about products sold on our shop or an order you have placed at shop.newscientist.com please contact shopnewscientist.com Contact us about a media request If you have have a media request, please contact pressnewscientist.com or visit our press page. Contact us for another reason If you have an enquiry about syndications, please head to our syndication information page For all other enquiries, please email customerhelpnewscientist.com Download the app

Advertisement News Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Culture Subscriber-only Culture Subscriber-only Features Subscriber-only News Free Features Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only Features Subscriber-only Advertisement Culture Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only Culture Subscriber-only Comment Subscriber-only Culture Subscriber-only Download the app

Advertisement News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only Comment Subscriber-only News Free News Free Advertisement Features Subscriber-only News Free News Free News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only Download the app

Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Learn more share this! 116 Tweet Share Email March 7, 2025 This article has been reviewed according to Science Xs editorial process and policies. Editors have highlighted the following attributes while ensuring the contents credibility fact-checked trusted source proofread by European Space Agency High-resolution near-infrared light captured by the NASAESACSA James Webb Space Telescope shows extraordinary new detail and structure in Lynds 483 L483. Two actively forming stars are responsible for the shimmering ejections of gas and dust that gleam in orange, blue, and purple in this representative color image. Over tens of thousands of years, the central protostars have periodically ejected some of the gas and dust, spewing it out as tight, fast jets and slightly slower outflows that trip across space. When more recent ejections hit older ones, the material can crumple and twirl based on the densities of what is colliding. Over time, chemical reactions within these ejections and the surrounding cloud have produced a range of molecules, like carbon monoxide, methanol, and several other organic compounds. The two protostars responsible for this scene are at the center of the hourglass shape, in an opaque horizontal disk of cold gas and dust that fits within a single pixel. Much farther out, above and below the flattened disk where dust is thinner, the bright light from the stars shines through the gas and dust, forming large semi-transparent orange cones. Its equally important to notice where the stars light is blockedlook for the exceptionally dark, wide V-shapes offset by 90 degrees from the orange cones. These areas may look like there is no material, but its actually where the surrounding dust is the densest, and little starlight penetrates it. If you look carefully at these areas, Webbs sensitive NIRCam Near-Infrared Camera has picked up distant stars as muted orange pinpoints behind this dust. Where the view is free of obscuring dust, stars shine brightly in white and blue. Some of the stars jets and outflows have wound up twisted or warped. To find examples, look toward the top right edge where theres a prominent orange arc. This is a shock front, where the stars ejections were slowed by existing, denser material. Now, look a little lower, where orange meets pink. Here, the material looks like a tangled mess. These are new, incredibly fine details Webb has revealed, and will require detailed study to explain. Turn to the lower half. Here, the gas and dust appear thicker. Zoom in to find tiny light purple pillars. They point toward the central stars nonstop winds, and formed because the material within them is dense enough that it hasnt yet been blown away. L483 is too large to fit in a single Webb snapshot, and this image was taken to fully capture the upper section and outflows, which is why the lower section is only partially shown. All the symmetries and asymmetries in these clouds may eventually be explained as researchers reconstruct the history of the stars ejections, in part by updating models to produce the same effects. Astronomers will also eventually calculate how much material the stars have expelled, which molecules were created when material smashed together, and how dense each area is. Millions of years from now, when the stars are finished forming, they may each be about the mass of our sun. Their outflows will have cleared the areasweeping away these semi-transparent ejections. All that may remain is a tiny disk of gas and dust where planets may eventually form. L483 is named for American astronomer Beverly T. Lynds, who published extensive catalogues of dark and bright nebulae in the early 1960s. She did this by carefully examining photographic plates which preceded film of the first Palomar Observatory Sky Survey, accurately recording each objects coordinates and characteristics. These catalogues provided astronomers with detailed maps of dense dust clouds where stars formcritical resources for the astronomical community decades before the first digital files became available and access to the internet was widespread. Provided by European Space Agency Explore further Facebook Twitter Email Feedback to editors 5 hours ago 0 Mar 8, 2025 0 Mar 8, 2025 0 Mar 6, 2025 0 Mar 6, 2025 0 4 hours ago 5 hours ago 5 hours ago 8 hours ago Mar 8, 2025 Mar 8, 2025 Mar 8, 2025 Mar 8, 2025 Mar 8, 2025 Mar 8, 2025 9 hours ago 10 hours ago Mar 6, 2025 Mar 6, 2025 Mar 3, 2025 Feb 27, 2025 More from Astronomy and Astrophysics Jul 26, 2023 Dec 1, 2022 Jan 27, 2025 Aug 12, 2024 Jan 17, 2025 Oct 19, 2022 Mar 6, 2025 Mar 6, 2025 Mar 6, 2025 Mar 6, 2025 Mar 6, 2025 Mar 5, 2025 The James Webb Space Telescope has captured high-resolution near-infrared images of the star-forming region Lynds 483, revealing intricate details of two protostars. These stars periodically eject gas and dust, creating jets and outflows that interact with older material, forming complex structures. Chemical reactions within these ejections have produced various molecules. The protostars are surrounded by dense dust, blocking some starlight, while other areas allow light to form semi-transparent cones. The image shows twisted jets and dense pillars, indicating ongoing dynamic processes. Over millions of years, the stars may clear the surrounding area, leaving a disk where planets could form. This summary was automatically generated using LLM. Full disclaimer Use this form if you have come across a typo, inaccuracy or would like to send an edit request for the content on this page. For general inquiries, please use our contact form. For general feedback, use the public comments section below please adhere to guidelines. Please select the most appropriate category to facilitate processing of your request Thank you for taking time to provide your feedback to the editors. Your feedback is important to us. However, we do not guarantee individual replies due to the high volume of messages. Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email. Neither your address nor the recipients address will be used for any other purpose. The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form. Get weekly andor daily updates delivered to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time and well never share your details to third parties. More information Privacy policy We keep our content available to everyone. Consider supporting Science Xs mission by getting a premium account. Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Learn more Last update Mar 7, 2025 When spiders spin their webs, they use their hind legs to pull silk threads from their spinnerets. This pulling action doesnt just help the spider release the silk, its also a crucial step in strengthening the silk fibers ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 7, 2025 1 148 A group of researchers from Tohoku University developed a method for synthesizing a special type of polymer that has applications for reducing greenhouse gas emissionsa major concern amidst a period of rapid climate change. Polymers Mar 7, 2025 0 2 We all encounter gels in daily lifefrom the soft, sticky substances you put in your hair to the jelly-like components in various foodstuffs. While human skin shares gel-like characteristics, it has unique qualities that ... Polymers Mar 7, 2025 0 89 Researchers at the Fritz Haber Institute have developed the Automatic Process Explorer APE, an approach that enhances our understanding of atomic and molecular processes. By dynamically refining simulations, APE has uncovered ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 6, 2025 0 10 Much like a tongue freezes to a frigid metal pole, ice can speed up the adsorption, or stickiness, of molecules. An icy surface can also cause molecules to degrade in the presence of light, releasing trace gases. Before researchers ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 6, 2025 0 44 Nature is full of masters of disguise. From the chameleon to arctic hare, natural camouflage is a common yet powerful way to survive in the wild. But one animal might surprise you with its camouflage capabilities the squid. Biochemistry Mar 6, 2025 0 11 Plastics, which are polymeric materials composed of long chains of small molecules called monomers, are widely used in everyday life and industry due to their lightweight, good strength and flexibility. However, with approximately ... Polymers Mar 6, 2025 0 0 A research team based in Bochum and Mülheim is using a new type of salt to specifically produce one of two possible mirror-image molecules. Analytical Chemistry Mar 6, 2025 0 13 Researchers have developed metal-organic frameworks MOFs that efficiently produce hydrogen peroxide H2O2 using small temperature differences, offering a sustainable approach to chemical production. Analytical Chemistry Mar 6, 2025 0 1 What if plastics could self-destruct when their time as a useful product ends? Scientists at Sandia National Laboratories are exploring this concept in one of their latest projects. Materials Science Mar 6, 2025 0 0 Aluminum Al is a material considered susceptible to corrosion, but it could become key to core technology in producing clean hydrogen energy. A POSTECH research team succeeded in dramatically improving the performance of ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 6, 2025 1 0 Using first-principles calculations, a research group led by Prof. Wang Xianlong from the Hefei Institutes of Physical Science of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, found that phosphorus doping is an effective way to achieve ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 6, 2025 0 0 Cement manufacturing and repair could be significantly improved by using biocement-producing bacteria, but growing the microbes at construction sites remains a challenge. Now, researchers report a freeze-drying approach in ... Biochemistry Mar 5, 2025 0 23 A newly developed pentanuclear iron complex Fe5-PCzClO43 can offer an efficient, stable, and cost-effective solution for water oxidation. By electrochemically polymerizing the complex, researchers from the Institute of ... Polymers Mar 5, 2025 0 7 For the first time, Northwestern University scientists have watched water molecules in real-time as they prepared to give up electrons to form oxygen. Analytical Chemistry Mar 5, 2025 0 57 A new study by researchers at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign describes a breakthrough in the field of organic solar cells OSCs, bringing the technology one step closer to commercial viability. Polymers Mar 5, 2025 0 11 A new University of Maryland study has revealed a coordinated dance of microscopic particlesbreaking up and clustering back together in just secondsafter receiving electrical and chemical stimuli. This work represents ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 5, 2025 0 0 A Chinese research team has developed a single-step femtosecond laser 4D printing technology that enables rapid and precise micro-scale deformation of smart hydrogels. This innovation, inspired by the hierarchical structure ... Polymers Mar 5, 2025 0 17 How can we produce clean hydrogen without burning fossil hydrocarbons or other non-renewable energy sources? We can do so through photoelectrochemistry, or artificial photosynthesis, a method thatjust like photosynthesisuses ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 5, 2025 0 1 Researchers in South Korea have developed a cobalt-iron CoFe-based non-noble metal ammonia decomposition catalyst, advancing eco-friendly hydrogen production. The work is published in the Chemical Engineering Journal. Analytical Chemistry Mar 5, 2025 0 0 1 hour ago 0 8 hours ago 0 5 hours ago 0 4 hours ago 0 5 hours ago 0 Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Learn more Last update 1 hour ago General Physics The brains ability to process information is known to be supported by intricate connections between different neuron populations. A key objective of neuroscience research has been to delineate the processes via which these ... 5 hours ago 0 35 Archaeology A recent study, conducted by Dr. Sara Juengst and her colleagues and published in Latin American Antiquity, sheds light on a unique Manteño AD 6501532 burial, possibly linked to human sacrifice. Mar 8, 2025 0 44 A total lunar eclipse will flush the moon red Thursday night into Friday morning across the Western Hemisphere. A total lunar eclipse will flush the moon red Thursday night into Friday morning across the Western Hemisphere. Planetary Sciences 8 hours ago 0 126 Americas butterflies are disappearing because of insecticides, climate change and habitat loss, with the number of the winged beauties down 22 since 2000, a new study finds. Americas butterflies are disappearing because of insecticides, climate change and habitat loss, with the number of the winged beauties down 22 since ... Plants  Animals 4 hours ago 0 29 Scientists have created an ultrashort electron beam with five times more peak current than any other similar beam on Earth. Scientists have created an ultrashort electron beam with five times more peak current than any other similar beam on Earth. General Physics 5 hours ago 0 28 This week, based on a genetic study, researchers issued a recommendation that bison in Yellowstone National Park should be treated as one large, interbreeding herd. Physicists proposed a new framework that derives gravity ... Other Mar 8, 2025 0 91 Scientists have identified strains of one of the worlds most dangerous fungal pathogens, already resistant to our most effective antifungal drugs, which are also five times more likely to acquire resistance to desperately ... Cell  Microbiology Mar 8, 2025 0 45 A new study published in PeerJ reveals that the teeth of South American sea lions Otaria byronia hold valuable clues about past population dynamics. Researchers from the Instituto de Biología de Organismos Marinos, the ... Ecology Mar 8, 2025 0 1 Scientists have dated the skeleton of an ancient child that caused a stir when it was first discovered because it carries features from both humans and Neanderthals. Archaeology Mar 8, 2025 0 97 Are subterranean lifeforms viable on Mars? A new interpretation of Martian seismic data by scientists Ikuo Katayama of Hiroshima University and Yuya Akamatsu of Research Institute for Marine Geodynamics suggests the presence ... Planetary Sciences Mar 8, 2025 0 69 A new systematic review has revealed serious shortcomings in the evaluation of cyclone risk in Australia and worldwide. The research, which analyzed 94 studies on cyclone risk, warns that existing approaches may be failing ... Earth Sciences Mar 8, 2025 0 21 Erectile dysfunction affects over 40 of men over 40, yet our understanding of the condition remains limited. Research on this issue has mostly relied on real organs, making it difficult to study the detailed interaction ... Medical research Mar 8, 2025 0 24 A team of cognitive neuroscientists and acoustic engineers at Adam Mickiewicz University, in Poland, has found no evidence that wind turbine noise causes mental impairment. In their study, published in the journal Humanities ... Psychology  Psychiatry Mar 8, 2025 2 49 Engineers and scientists are using simulation for electric vehicle RD and design optimization. See 5 examples in this ebook. Find out how ACS can accelerate your research to keep up with the discoveries that are pushing us into sciences next frontier 5 hours ago 0 Mar 8, 2025 0 Mar 8, 2025 0 Mar 8, 2025 2 Mar 8, 2025 0 The way we study plant cells is expandingliterallythanks to new research from Kevin Cox, an assistant professor of biology in Arts  Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis and an assistant member of the Donald ... Molecular  Computational biology Mar 8, 2025 0 68 Research led by Westlake Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine in China has found that inadequate sleep duration and late sleep onset are associated with increased glycemic variability in adults. Continuous glucose ... Sleep disorders Mar 7, 2025 0 86 Optoelectronics are promising devices that combine optical components, which operate leveraging light, with electronics, which leverage electrical current. Optoelectronic systems could transmit data faster than conventional ... Electronics  Semiconductors Mar 7, 2025 0 28 Past neuroscience studies suggest that memories of events that occurred at short time intervals from one another are often connected, via a process referred to as memory linking. While memory linking is now a well-documented ... Neuroscience Mar 7, 2025 0 131 The U.S. militarys classified mini space shuttle returned to Earth on Friday after circling the world for 434 days. Space Exploration Mar 7, 2025 0 129 NASA and the Italian Space Agency made history on March 3 when the Lunar GNSS Receiver Experiment LuGRE became the first technology demonstration to acquire and track Earth-based navigation signals on the moons surface. Space Exploration Mar 7, 2025 0 102 High-resolution near-infrared light captured by the NASAESACSA James Webb Space Telescope shows extraordinary new detail and structure in Lynds 483 L483. Two actively forming stars are responsible for the shimmering ejections ... Astronomy Mar 7, 2025 0 116 Sulfate-reducing bacteria break down a large proportion of the organic carbon in the oxygen-free zones of Earth, and in the seabed in particular. Among these important microbes, the Desulfobacteraceae family of bacteria stands ... Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 0 48 When spiders spin their webs, they use their hind legs to pull silk threads from their spinnerets. This pulling action doesnt just help the spider release the silk, its also a crucial step in strengthening the silk fibers ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 7, 2025 1 148 Researchers report a discovery in cardiac regeneration that offers new hope for the treatment of ischemic heart failure. Published in npj Regenerative Medicine, the study reveals a novel approach to promoting cardiomyocyte ... Medical research Mar 7, 2025 0 38 A longstanding scientific belief about a link between cancer prevalence and animal body size has been tested for the first time in our new study ranging across hundreds of animal species. Volunteering is a popular way for people to give something back to society. Whether its joining a tree-planting group, or helping out at a charity shop, spending time contributing to a cause is something valued by almost ... Gusts and torrential rain have blacked out more than a quarter of a million properties and swamped parts of Australias east coast, officials said Sunday, with one driver confirmed dead and a dozen troops injured in the wild ... At a red-brick school in Virginia, Hayden Jones is one of 1,000 students banned from using their phones as part of a trial hoping to boost learning. France has urged the countrys research institutions to consider how to welcome scientists abandoning the United States in response to President Donald Trumps policies, AFP learned on Sunday. Argentinas port city of Bahia Blanca has been destroyed after being pummeled by a years worth of rain in a matter of hours, killing 13 and driving hundreds from their homes, authorities said Saturday. We have discovered the oldest meteorite impact crater on Earth, in the very heart of the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The crater formed more than 3.5 billion years ago, making it the oldest known by more than a billion ... Landing a spacecraft on the moon has long been a series of hits and misses. Despite large multinational companies such as Goldman Sachs, Paramount, Google and others removing their diversity, equity and inclusion policies, the evidence is clear having a diverse team can help businesses make better, ... Intuitive Machines second moon mission ended in disappointment on Friday after the US company confirmed that its spacecraft had tipped over and was unable to recharge its solar-powered batteriesmirroring its first attempt ... Scientists rallied in cities across the United States on Friday to denounce efforts by the administration of US President Donald Trump to eliminate key staff across multiple agencies and curb life-saving research. At least ten people were killed and more than a thousand evacuated in the Argentine port city of Bahia Blanca on Friday as torrential rains flooded homes and hospitals, destroyed roads and forced officials to cut power. Ex-Cyclone Alfred stalled off the rain- and wind-lashed coast of eastern Australia on Saturday, threatening to unleash floods after blacking out more than 330,000 homes and businesses. Humans may not be the only ones who aid their friends when theyre hurt. Mice may do it, too, as shown by a new research study led by scientists at the Keck School of Medicine of USC published recently in Science. This NASAESA Hubble Space Telescope image of a vibrant spiral galaxy called NGC 5042 resides about 48 million light-years from Earth in the constellation Hydra the water snake. The galaxy nicely fills the frame of this ... The aviation sector was one of those hardest hit by the restrictions in place during the COVID pandemic. Research led by the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya UOC analyzed the efficiency of 45 airline groups over two years, ... As climate conditions become increasingly unpredictable, understanding how plants respond to cold is crucial for securing future crop resilience. In her doctoral thesis, Varvara Dikaya at Umeå University has studied the ... Skeptics love to bring up one particular topic regarding long-term human space explorationradiation. So far, all of the research completed on it has been relatively limited and has shown nothing but harmful effects. Long-term ... A classification is when a volunteer or citizen scientist finishes marking up or sorting one image or other piece of data. Each classification done by volunteers for the Redshift Wrangler project tells us something about ... Technicians with ESA European Space Agency and Airbus installed the four solar array wings on NASAs Orion spacecraft for Artemis II on March 3. The solar array wings, attached to the service module, deploy after Orion ... Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Learn more Last update 8 hours ago Argentinas port city of Bahia Blanca has been destroyed after being pummeled by a years worth of rain in a matter of hours, killing 13 and driving hundreds from their homes, authorities said Saturday. Environment 8 hours ago 0 39 Gusts and torrential rain have blacked out more than a quarter of a million properties and swamped parts of Australias east coast, officials said Sunday, with one driver confirmed dead and a dozen troops injured in the wild ... Environment 8 hours ago 0 0 We have discovered the oldest meteorite impact crater on Earth, in the very heart of the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The crater formed more than 3.5 billion years ago, making it the oldest known by more than a billion ... Earth Sciences 21 hours ago 0 3 A new systematic review has revealed serious shortcomings in the evaluation of cyclone risk in Australia and worldwide. The research, which analyzed 94 studies on cyclone risk, warns that existing approaches may be failing ... Earth Sciences Mar 8, 2025 0 21 Ex-Cyclone Alfred stalled off the rain- and wind-lashed coast of eastern Australia on Saturday, threatening to unleash floods after blacking out more than 330,000 homes and businesses. Environment Mar 8, 2025 0 1 At least ten people were killed and more than a thousand evacuated in the Argentine port city of Bahia Blanca on Friday as torrential rains flooded homes and hospitals, destroyed roads and forced officials to cut power. Environment Mar 8, 2025 0 2 Sulfate-reducing bacteria break down a large proportion of the organic carbon in the oxygen-free zones of Earth, and in the seabed in particular. Among these important microbes, the Desulfobacteraceae family of bacteria stands ... Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 0 48 How tiny plastic particles enter the atmosphere is an important question, as airborne microplastics are a potential health threat. Using a global chemical transport model, researchers have provided evidence that, contrary ... Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 1 66 Its a cold winter morning in the bleak and bare arable fields of the East Anglian fens. At the edge of a field, a scientist dips a long pole into a ditch. So, what is a climate researcher doing here? Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 0 4 Researchers from Los Alamos National Laboratory have discovered that cosmic-ray showers seem to play a pivotal role in triggering lightning flashes. The research is published in the journal JGR Atmospheres. Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 0 73 People in southeast Queensland and northern NSW have spent days racing to prepare their homes ahead of Tropical Cyclone Alfred, now expected to make landfall over several hours on Saturday. Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 0 6 The United States plays a critical role in predicting global weather extremes, the UN stressed Friday, as mass layoffs at a renowned US science agency raised concerns that such life-saving forecasting services could be in ... Environment Mar 7, 2025 0 1 Man-made climate change increased the likelihood of the heat wave gripping South Sudan, a study said Friday, saying soaring temperatures were disproportionately affecting women and girls. Environment Mar 7, 2025 0 38 In 2011, as Cyclone Yasi approached the Queensland coast, I sat in my home in the tropical far north of the state and worried what the future would hold. Would my family be OK? Would our home be destroyed? Would my workplace ... Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 0 0 Scientists from RMIT University are calling for countries to include carbon emissions from plastic production and waste in their climate action plans before the upcoming United Nations Climate Change Conference of the Parties ... Environment Mar 7, 2025 0 1 Violent winds toppled power lines Friday as a tropical cyclone inched towards Australias eastern coast, swelling rivers, sparking evacuation orders and leaving 80,000 homes without electricity. Environment Mar 7, 2025 0 0 The OLI Operational Land Imager on Landsat 8 captured an image of Kachemak Bays turbid, cloudy waters on September 20, 2024. This cloudiness comes from glacial flour bits of pulverized rock ground down by glaciers that ... Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 0 0 People who grow up on islands think differently than people who grow up on continents. So begins a parable featured in Navigating Our Way to Solutions in Marine Conservation, a new book edited by Larry Crowder, a professor ... Environment Mar 7, 2025 0 21 A new study led by Dr. Cao Xi, Associate Professor at the Institute of Atmospheric Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, has uncovered a significant southward shift in the formation of hurricanes over the North Atlantic Ocean. ... Environment Mar 6, 2025 0 117 A first-of-its-kind study led by William  Marys Batten School  VIMS is predicting estuaries along the East Coast of the U.S. will experience marine heat wave conditions for up to a third of the year by the end of the century. ... Earth Sciences Mar 6, 2025 0 52 1 hour ago 0 8 hours ago 0 5 hours ago 0 4 hours ago 0 5 hours ago 0 Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Click here to sign in with or Forget Password? Learn more Last update 1 hour ago General Physics The brains ability to process information is known to be supported by intricate connections between different neuron populations. A key objective of neuroscience research has been to delineate the processes via which these ... 5 hours ago 0 35 Archaeology A recent study, conducted by Dr. Sara Juengst and her colleagues and published in Latin American Antiquity, sheds light on a unique Manteño AD 6501532 burial, possibly linked to human sacrifice. Mar 8, 2025 0 44 A total lunar eclipse will flush the moon red Thursday night into Friday morning across the Western Hemisphere. A total lunar eclipse will flush the moon red Thursday night into Friday morning across the Western Hemisphere. Planetary Sciences 8 hours ago 0 126 Americas butterflies are disappearing because of insecticides, climate change and habitat loss, with the number of the winged beauties down 22 since 2000, a new study finds. Americas butterflies are disappearing because of insecticides, climate change and habitat loss, with the number of the winged beauties down 22 since ... Plants  Animals 4 hours ago 0 29 Scientists have created an ultrashort electron beam with five times more peak current than any other similar beam on Earth. Scientists have created an ultrashort electron beam with five times more peak current than any other similar beam on Earth. General Physics 5 hours ago 0 28 This week, based on a genetic study, researchers issued a recommendation that bison in Yellowstone National Park should be treated as one large, interbreeding herd. Physicists proposed a new framework that derives gravity ... Other Mar 8, 2025 0 91 Scientists have identified strains of one of the worlds most dangerous fungal pathogens, already resistant to our most effective antifungal drugs, which are also five times more likely to acquire resistance to desperately ... Cell  Microbiology Mar 8, 2025 0 45 A new study published in PeerJ reveals that the teeth of South American sea lions Otaria byronia hold valuable clues about past population dynamics. Researchers from the Instituto de Biología de Organismos Marinos, the ... Ecology Mar 8, 2025 0 1 Scientists have dated the skeleton of an ancient child that caused a stir when it was first discovered because it carries features from both humans and Neanderthals. Archaeology Mar 8, 2025 0 97 Are subterranean lifeforms viable on Mars? A new interpretation of Martian seismic data by scientists Ikuo Katayama of Hiroshima University and Yuya Akamatsu of Research Institute for Marine Geodynamics suggests the presence ... Planetary Sciences Mar 8, 2025 0 69 A new systematic review has revealed serious shortcomings in the evaluation of cyclone risk in Australia and worldwide. The research, which analyzed 94 studies on cyclone risk, warns that existing approaches may be failing ... Earth Sciences Mar 8, 2025 0 21 Erectile dysfunction affects over 40 of men over 40, yet our understanding of the condition remains limited. Research on this issue has mostly relied on real organs, making it difficult to study the detailed interaction ... Medical research Mar 8, 2025 0 24 A team of cognitive neuroscientists and acoustic engineers at Adam Mickiewicz University, in Poland, has found no evidence that wind turbine noise causes mental impairment. In their study, published in the journal Humanities ... Psychology  Psychiatry Mar 8, 2025 2 49 Engineers and scientists are using simulation for electric vehicle RD and design optimization. See 5 examples in this ebook. Find out how ACS can accelerate your research to keep up with the discoveries that are pushing us into sciences next frontier 5 hours ago 0 Mar 8, 2025 0 Mar 8, 2025 0 Mar 8, 2025 2 Mar 8, 2025 0 The way we study plant cells is expandingliterallythanks to new research from Kevin Cox, an assistant professor of biology in Arts  Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis and an assistant member of the Donald ... Molecular  Computational biology Mar 8, 2025 0 68 Research led by Westlake Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine in China has found that inadequate sleep duration and late sleep onset are associated with increased glycemic variability in adults. Continuous glucose ... Sleep disorders Mar 7, 2025 0 86 Optoelectronics are promising devices that combine optical components, which operate leveraging light, with electronics, which leverage electrical current. Optoelectronic systems could transmit data faster than conventional ... Electronics  Semiconductors Mar 7, 2025 0 28 Past neuroscience studies suggest that memories of events that occurred at short time intervals from one another are often connected, via a process referred to as memory linking. While memory linking is now a well-documented ... Neuroscience Mar 7, 2025 0 131 The U.S. militarys classified mini space shuttle returned to Earth on Friday after circling the world for 434 days. Space Exploration Mar 7, 2025 0 129 NASA and the Italian Space Agency made history on March 3 when the Lunar GNSS Receiver Experiment LuGRE became the first technology demonstration to acquire and track Earth-based navigation signals on the moons surface. Space Exploration Mar 7, 2025 0 102 High-resolution near-infrared light captured by the NASAESACSA James Webb Space Telescope shows extraordinary new detail and structure in Lynds 483 L483. Two actively forming stars are responsible for the shimmering ejections ... Astronomy Mar 7, 2025 0 116 Sulfate-reducing bacteria break down a large proportion of the organic carbon in the oxygen-free zones of Earth, and in the seabed in particular. Among these important microbes, the Desulfobacteraceae family of bacteria stands ... Earth Sciences Mar 7, 2025 0 48 When spiders spin their webs, they use their hind legs to pull silk threads from their spinnerets. This pulling action doesnt just help the spider release the silk, its also a crucial step in strengthening the silk fibers ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 7, 2025 1 148 Researchers report a discovery in cardiac regeneration that offers new hope for the treatment of ischemic heart failure. Published in npj Regenerative Medicine, the study reveals a novel approach to promoting cardiomyocyte ... Medical research Mar 7, 2025 0 38 A longstanding scientific belief about a link between cancer prevalence and animal body size has been tested for the first time in our new study ranging across hundreds of animal species. Volunteering is a popular way for people to give something back to society. Whether its joining a tree-planting group, or helping out at a charity shop, spending time contributing to a cause is something valued by almost ... Gusts and torrential rain have blacked out more than a quarter of a million properties and swamped parts of Australias east coast, officials said Sunday, with one driver confirmed dead and a dozen troops injured in the wild ... At a red-brick school in Virginia, Hayden Jones is one of 1,000 students banned from using their phones as part of a trial hoping to boost learning. France has urged the countrys research institutions to consider how to welcome scientists abandoning the United States in response to President Donald Trumps policies, AFP learned on Sunday. Argentinas port city of Bahia Blanca has been destroyed after being pummeled by a years worth of rain in a matter of hours, killing 13 and driving hundreds from their homes, authorities said Saturday. We have discovered the oldest meteorite impact crater on Earth, in the very heart of the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The crater formed more than 3.5 billion years ago, making it the oldest known by more than a billion ... Landing a spacecraft on the moon has long been a series of hits and misses. Despite large multinational companies such as Goldman Sachs, Paramount, Google and others removing their diversity, equity and inclusion policies, the evidence is clear having a diverse team can help businesses make better, ... Intuitive Machines second moon mission ended in disappointment on Friday after the US company confirmed that its spacecraft had tipped over and was unable to recharge its solar-powered batteriesmirroring its first attempt ... Scientists rallied in cities across the United States on Friday to denounce efforts by the administration of US President Donald Trump to eliminate key staff across multiple agencies and curb life-saving research. At least ten people were killed and more than a thousand evacuated in the Argentine port city of Bahia Blanca on Friday as torrential rains flooded homes and hospitals, destroyed roads and forced officials to cut power. Ex-Cyclone Alfred stalled off the rain- and wind-lashed coast of eastern Australia on Saturday, threatening to unleash floods after blacking out more than 330,000 homes and businesses. Humans may not be the only ones who aid their friends when theyre hurt. Mice may do it, too, as shown by a new research study led by scientists at the Keck School of Medicine of USC published recently in Science. This NASAESA Hubble Space Telescope image of a vibrant spiral galaxy called NGC 5042 resides about 48 million light-years from Earth in the constellation Hydra the water snake. The galaxy nicely fills the frame of this ... The aviation sector was one of those hardest hit by the restrictions in place during the COVID pandemic. Research led by the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya UOC analyzed the efficiency of 45 airline groups over two years, ... As climate conditions become increasingly unpredictable, understanding how plants respond to cold is crucial for securing future crop resilience. In her doctoral thesis, Varvara Dikaya at Umeå University has studied the ... Skeptics love to bring up one particular topic regarding long-term human space explorationradiation. So far, all of the research completed on it has been relatively limited and has shown nothing but harmful effects. Long-term ... A classification is when a volunteer or citizen scientist finishes marking up or sorting one image or other piece of data. Each classification done by volunteers for the Redshift Wrangler project tells us something about ... Technicians with ESA European Space Agency and Airbus installed the four solar array wings on NASAs Orion spacecraft for Artemis II on March 3. The solar array wings, attached to the service module, deploy after Orion ... Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement Being repeatedly told to bounce back and develop a thicker skin can mask a toxic lab culture. Largest survey of LGBTQ biologists finds 40 of trans and gender-nonconforming, and 20 of lesbian, gay, bisexual and queer researchers, experience hostility, intimidation or offensive behaviour at work. Evolutionary biologist Joseph L. Graves Jr argues that  now more than ever  the United States should honour its commitments to Black higher education to diversify the science workforce. To mark International Womens Day on 8 March, six award-winning female scientists highlight women who have inspired them by pushing innovative research and creating opportunities for others. Vukosi Marivate learnt that communities, not just superstar individuals, can open doors in artificial intelligence. Advertisement Nature Nature ISSN 1476-4687 online ISSN 0028-0836 print  2025 Springer Nature Limited

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement You have full access to this article via your institution. This is a summary of Inácio, A. R. et al. Brain-wide presynaptic networks of functionally distinct cortical neurons. Nature httpsdoi.org10.1038s41586-025-08631-w 2025. The activity of an individual neuron is constrained by the anatomical organization of its presynaptic network the set of neurons from which it receives information. In the mouse brain, our model system, a neuron can receive long-range signals from neurons in other brain regions, as well as local ones from neurons in the same region. Determining whether and how anatomical differences in presynaptic networks might contribute to distinct patterns of neuronal activity in different neurons has been challenging. Some studies of local presynaptic networks have provided insight into factors that influence the activity of single neurons, typically in response to external sensory stimulation1,2. However, the wiring rules that determine the anatomical architecture of brain-wide presynaptic networks of individual neurons with distinct activity patterns remain unknown. Brain regions are, to some extent, specialized for different functions, but neurons can nevertheless show diverse patterns of activity, even within a region. The brains primary somatosensory cortex S1 processes somatosensory information  for example, relating to touch, temperature, pain and pressure  from the rest of the body. Some S1 neurons show selectivity for different stimulus features and, as in many brain regions, some S1 neurons are more strongly modulated during certain behavioural states3. For example, movement neurons increase their activity during voluntary movements but not during quiet periods. To determine what makes a movement neuron, we used a combination of experimental techniques to detect and compare the brain-wide presynaptic networks of individual movement neurons with those of non-movement neurons in the barrel cortex, which is the part of the mouse S1 neuron that receives sensory information from the whisker pad Fig. 1a. Figure 1  Brain-wide input networks of movement neurons and non-movement neurons. a, A network of mouse presynaptic neurons that provide information to a movement neuron a neuronal cell whose activity is modulated during the animals movement. Fluorescently labelled presynaptic neurons shown here as symbols denoting different regions were detected using fluorescence microscopy, and their positions were reconstructed digitally. The highest density of presynaptic neurons is in the primary sensory cortex S1 including yellow squares. b, The percentage of presynaptic neurons that extend long-range connections to an individual movement or non-movement S1 neuron from various brain regions. Thin traces represent individual presynaptic networks thick traces represent the mean  s.e.m. of the movement and non-movement neuron groups. Compared with non-movement neurons, movement neurons receive a lower proportion of their long-range inputs from primary and secondary motor cortices M1M2 and a higher proportion from thalamic nuclei Thal. S2, secondary somatosensory cortex SenCtx, sensory cortex cwS1, contralateral wS1 PrhCtx, perirhinal cortex BF, basal forebrain.Credit Inácio, A. R. et al.Nature CC BY 4.0 We found that functionally distinct single neurons have characteristic brain-wide presynaptic networks. Compared with the long-range presynaptic networks of non-movement neurons, the long-range presynaptic networks of movement neurons contained larger proportions of neurons in thalamic nuclei and smaller proportions of neurons in primary and secondary motor cortical areas M1 and M2 Fig. 1b. By modulating the activity of projections of thalamic and motor cortical neurons to S1, we demonstrated that these anatomical biases have a role in defining movement neurons in S1. Although individual cortical neurons receive information directly from diverse brain regions, information from certain regions can be amplified or reduced, depending on the number of inputs. Our study proposes a model in which the movement-dependent activity of some S1 neurons might arise from inputs from thalamic nuclei4,5. This study characterizes the brain-wide anatomical presynaptic networks of single cortical neurons whose activity depends on behavioural state. Investigating the activity patterns of presynaptic networks of single neurons with different activity patterns will be required to further understand how each input contributes to a neurons activity. It would be exciting to generate comparative data sets to identify connectivity differences across brain disorders that are characterized by disruptions in long-range neuronal communication. Our study is related to questions about pervasive signals in the brain that convey information about the behavioural state. For example, do these signals depend on molecules called neuromodulators? Neuromodulatory systems can show strong switches in their activity between behavioural states and affect multiple brain regions simultaneously5. We found that direct release of neuromodulators in S1 was not sufficient to drive the activity of movement neurons in this region. However, we cannot exclude the possibility that neuromodulators have an indirect effect through their actions on brain regions that project to S1 namely, thalamic nuclei. What do the signals of behavioural state represent? One simple explanation would be sensory feedback, that is, information about the consequences of movement. However, when we blocked sensory feedback from the whisker pad to the brain, S1 movement activity persisted. Future work should be aimed at disentangling the nature and role of signals about the behavioural state.  Ana R. Inácio and Soohyun Lee are at the National Institute of Mental Health, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland, USA. Using a combination of techniques, the authors discovered that long-range connectivity of neurons in barrel cortex that reflected the animals behavioural state differed from those that did not. The neurons that tracked behavioural state received more thalamic inputs, and non-modulated neurons received more inputs from M1 and M2. The experimental techniques are advanced and meticulous, and the findings are novel, unexpected and important.  Hyeyoung Shin is at Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea. Detecting the presynaptic network of an individual neuron can be done by visualizing the spread of a modified, fluorescently labelled rabies virus that enters the neuron. The technique involves introducing DNA constructs into the neuron to express proteins that enable the virus to enter and spread. However, to reveal the brain-wide presynaptic network of a functionally identified neuron, we faced a technical challenge S1 neurons strongly modulated by movement are relatively sparse. Because we targeted individual neurons on the basis of their activity pattern, we first had to measure a neurons activity and then direct a micropipette to the neuron. Although this was challenging, accurately tracking the relative coordinates of the monitored neuron and pipette tip was crucial for targeting the sparse movement neurons. We needed to achieve full control over the technical aspects of the project because we fundamentally believed that this would provide key insights into the anatomical architecture of the brain.  A.R.I. and S.L. To compile this unique and exciting data set, the authors identified the inputs to functionally identified cortical neurons. They used differences in inputs as a basis to differentiate between cells that showed modulation of their activity during movement and cells that did not. The data are an important step towards understanding the dizzying functional diversity of neurons in the cortex.  David Rowland, Senior Editor, Nature doi httpsdoi.org10.1038d41586-025-00634-x Expert opinion and the figure are published under a CC BY 4.0 licence. Wertz, A. et al. Science 349, 7074 2015. Article PubMed Google Scholar Rossi, L. F., Harris, K. D.  Carandini, M. Nature 588, 648652 2020. Article PubMed Google Scholar Stringer, C. et al. Science 364, eaav7893 2019. Article Google Scholar Poulet, J. F. A., Fernandez, L. M. J., Crochet, S.  Petersen, C. C. H. Nature Neurosci. 15, 370372 2012. Article PubMed Google Scholar McCormick, D. A., Nestvogel, D. B.  He, B. J. Annu. Rev. Neurosci. 43, 391415 2020. Article PubMed Google Scholar Download references Reprints and permissions Read the paper Brain-wide presynaptic networks of functionally distinct cortical neurons How two intermingled sensory pathways combine to encode touch A complete wiring diagram of the fruit-fly brain Sensory input, sex and function shape hypothalamic cell type development Article 05 MAR 25 A subcortical switchboard for perseverative, exploratory and disengaged states Article 05 MAR 25 Evolution of temperature preference in flies of the genus Drosophila Article 05 MAR 25 Whos likely to wake up from a coma? Brain waves provide a clue Research Highlight 07 MAR 25 Designer cannabinoids could be the key to pain relief without adverse effects News  Views 05 MAR 25 This key protein could be responsible for brain ageing News 05 MAR 25 At all ranks who focus on research in Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, and Machine Learning in Health Care and Medical Sciences. Beijing, China The Chinese Institutes for Medical Research CIMR, Beijing Université de Montréals Faculty of Medicine is one of the worlds leading French-language medical faculties. In both teaching and research, its mi... Montréal, Quebec CA Université de Montréal IPI is seeking a Principal Scientist to drive research at the intersection of molecular neuroscience and protein science. Boston, Massachusetts US Institute for Protein Innovation Tampa, Florida H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center  Research Institute APPLICATION CLOSING DATE April 13th, 2025 The integration of Artificial Intelligence, mathematical modelling, and advanced computational simulati... Milan IT Human Technopole You have full access to this article via your institution. Read the paper Brain-wide presynaptic networks of functionally distinct cortical neurons How two intermingled sensory pathways combine to encode touch A complete wiring diagram of the fruit-fly brain An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, delivered to your inbox every weekday. Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter  what matters in science, free to your inbox daily. Nature Nature ISSN 1476-4687 online ISSN 0028-0836 print  2025 Springer Nature Limited

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement Learn about the latest research, reviews and news from across all of the Nature journals by subject Nature.com  2025 Springer Nature Limited

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement Alexandra Witze writes for Nature from Boulder, Colorado. You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar You have full access to this article via your institution. The Athena lander touched down in the region around the lunar south pole pictured on 6 March as planned, but its health is uncertain. Credit Dave TylerGalaxyAlamy Update Intuitive Machines announced on 7 March that the Athena spacecraft had landed on its side in a lunar crater and has run out of power. The mission is over, because it has no way to recharge its batteries. Teams are continuing to assess the data collected throughout the mission, the company said, including on the NASA ice drill that was the main reason for going to the lunar south pole. The latest attempt to land on the Moon went at least partially awry on 6 March, when an ice-seeking spacecraft named Athena apparently landed off-kilter near the lunar south pole. The precise status of Athena, which was built by Intuitive Machines in Houston, Texas, remained unclear in the hours after touchdown, but we dont believe were in the correct attitude, Stephen Altemus, chief executive of Intuitive Machines, said at a post-landing press conference. Last year, the first spacecraft that the company tried to land on the Moon also set down askew, although it did accomplish some science. This was the second lunar disappointment this week. NASA reported on 4 March that communication problems would keep its Lunar Trailblazer probe from entering its planned science orbit around the Moon. But not all the news is bad a third lunar craft, built by Firefly Aerospace in Cedar Park, Texas, made a safe arrival on 2 March. Altemus said the company is working to acquire images from Athenas several cameras and determine which parts are damaged and which are functional, and that more information will be available in the coming hours and days. At least for now, the spacecraft is getting power, and mission controllers have been able to communicate with the science payloads on board, he said. Private companies are flocking to the Moon  what does that mean for science? Private companies are flocking to the Moon  what does that mean for science? Depending on its position on the lunar surface, Athena might still be able to perform some of its activities. To have enough power to keep operating, it needs to have at least one solar panel oriented to catch sunlight. The Sun stays close to the lunar horizon at the crafts landing site, and Athena is meant to operate until sunset at its landing site, roughly ten days after touchdown. But the missions main purpose  hunting for ice  might not be accomplished. A drill aboard Athena that was meant to bore into the lunar soil to find ice cannot operate unless it is close to upright. Were looking forward to hearing what we have to work with, said Nicola Fox, NASAs associate administrator for science, at the press conference. The success of other components, such as three rovers and an ice-sniffing robotic hopper meant to hop into shadowy craters, also depends on Athenas position. The outlook is also grim for Lunar Trailblazers mission to create high-resolution maps of water on the lunar surface. Trailblazer launched successfully alongside Athena on 26 February, but the NASA team believes the spacecraft is spinning slowly in a low-power state, the agency reported on 4 March. If mission controllers can restore communications in the coming days, they might be able to put Trailblazer into a less-than-optimal lunar orbit and eke out at least a little of its planned science. The 93-billion plan to put astronauts back on the Moon The 93-billion plan to put astronauts back on the Moon When asked whether these failures raised questions about the wisdom of sending small missions, such as these two, to the Moon, Fox said that NASA strives to maintain a portfolio of science missions of all sizes. Athena is the fourth mission in NASAs Commercial Lunar Payload Services programme, which pays aerospace companies to fly NASA experiments to the lunar surface. The third was successful the Firefly Aerospace probe nailed its own Moon landing and has deployed ten scientific payloads for NASA, eight of which have already met their objectives. Those include a planetvac, which scooped up lunar dirt and sorted it using pressurized nitrogen gas. Just over four days after the Firefly Aerospace probe landed, Athena touched down around 12.30 p.m. Eastern time on the Mons Mouton plateau about 160 kilometres away from the lunar south pole. It is the farthest south any mission has landed on the Moon. Scientists are keen to send missions to the lunar poles because they are cold and shadowy enough to potentially have large amounts of frozen water  which contains scientific information about the Solar Systems history as well as potential resources for future lunar exploration. The poles are sort of lunar incognito, in that theyve been relatively underexplored, said Ben Bussey, chief scientist of Intuitive Machines, during a livestream of the landing. NASA plans to send astronauts to land near the lunar south pole in the coming years. As several spacecraft seek water on the Moon, a new paper suggests that there could be more of it than previously thought1. Indias Chandrayaan-3 mission, which landed near the lunar south pole in 2023, found that the lunar soil can be warmer or cooler than expected, depending on the slope of the surface. The researchers concluded that slopes facing the poles might be cool enough for ice to exist in the topmost layers of the soil  meaning that there could be widespread ice in places that are easier to access than deep craters. doi httpsdoi.org10.1038d41586-025-00719-7 Correction 07 March 2025 An earlier version of this article misstated the date of an announcement about NASAs Lunar Trailblazer craft. Prasad, D. K. et al. Commun. Earth Environ. 6, 153 2025. Article Google Scholar Download references Reprints and permissions Meet the ice-hunting robots headed for the Moon right now Private Moon lander is dying  it scored some wins for science Private companies are flocking to the Moon  what does that mean for science? Moon mission failure why is it so hard to pull off a lunar landing? First private Moon lander touches down on lunar surface to make history The 93-billion plan to put astronauts back on the Moon Meet the ice-hunting robots headed for the Moon right now News 27 FEB 25 Glacial isostatic adjustment reveals Marss interior viscosity structure Article 26 FEB 25 Asteroid 2024 YR4 now unlikely to hit Earth  but scientists are ready for future threats News 21 FEB 25 AI algorithm helps telescopes to pivot fast towards gravitational-wave sources News  Views 05 MAR 25 Real-time inference for binary neutron star mergers using machine learning Article 05 MAR 25 How AI could let us watch epic star collisions in real time News 05 MAR 25 AI tools are spotting errors in research papers inside a growing movement News 07 MAR 25 Boosting science Give foreign STEM students ten-year visas Career QA 03 MAR 25 ChatGPT for students learners find creative new uses for chatbots Technology Feature 03 MAR 25 At all ranks who focus on research in Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, and Machine Learning in Health Care and Medical Sciences. Beijing, China The Chinese Institutes for Medical Research CIMR, Beijing Université de Montréals Faculty of Medicine is one of the worlds leading French-language medical faculties. In both teaching and research, its mi... Montréal, Quebec CA Université de Montréal IPI is seeking a Principal Scientist to drive research at the intersection of molecular neuroscience and protein science. Boston, Massachusetts US Institute for Protein Innovation Tampa, Florida H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center  Research Institute APPLICATION CLOSING DATE April 13th, 2025 The integration of Artificial Intelligence, mathematical modelling, and advanced computational simulati... Milan IT Human Technopole You have full access to this article via your institution. Meet the ice-hunting robots headed for the Moon right now Private Moon lander is dying  it scored some wins for science Private companies are flocking to the Moon  what does that mean for science? Moon mission failure why is it so hard to pull off a lunar landing? First private Moon lander touches down on lunar surface to make history The 93-billion plan to put astronauts back on the Moon An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, delivered to your inbox every weekday. Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter  what matters in science, free to your inbox daily. Nature Nature ISSN 1476-4687 online ISSN 0028-0836 print  2025 Springer Nature Limited

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement Current approaches to pain relief are falling short. Chemically modifying a synthetic cannabinoid could enable scientists to capitalize on the bodys natural pain-killing pathway without evoking drug tolerance or psychoactivity. QLEDs  light-emitting diodes that rely on nanocrystals called quantum dots  are usually made with toxic heavy metals. A strategy has been developed to make QLEDs with a performance comparable to that of commercially available technologies but using a more environmentally friendly alloy of zinc, selenium, tellurium and sulfur, by improving the distribution of the tellurium atoms. To survive, animals must continually decide whether to persevere with their current goal, switch to a new one or disengage altogether. Three genetically defined types of neuronal cell in a small midbrain area called the median raphe nucleus are shown to control decisions about whether to persevere, explore or disengage. A compilation of genomes from species in the genus Solanum could help scientists to blend the best aspects of productive staple crops and genetically diverse but under-studied indigenous crops. Nitrogen-isotope analysis provides geochemical evidence that, similar to modern corals, some extinct coral groups had a symbiotic association with photosynthetic microorganisms. This photosymbiosis might have contributed to the high productivity of ancient reefs in low-nutrient environments and puts long-term ecological research on ancient reefs into a fresh perspective. Clearing of Amazonian forest boosts rainfall during the wet season, but reduces it in the dry season, when the ecosystem needs water most  highlighting the need to prevent further clearance of a climate-regulating environment. Different neuronal cells have a diverse range of activity patterns, but the cause has remained unclear. In mice, maps of brain-wide inputs to individual neurons that do or do not show activity modulation by the behavioural state has uncovered wiring rules that could help to explain this functional diversity. As well as degrading proteins, the proteosome surprisingly also functions in human defence against bacterial infection. By changing how proteins are cleaved, this system generates antibiotic peptides on demand. Potato genomes that contain the complete sequences from both sets of chromosomes uncover the deleterious variations previously hidden in genomes disclosed for only one set of chromosomes. An ideal set of genes was designed computationally by combining desirable sequences from different potato varieties. This ideal genotype could guide the breeding of hybrid potatoes. Supersolids are a unique phase of matter that combine the friction-free flow of superfluids with an ordered structure. They have previously been achieved only with condensates of ultracold atoms. The observation of the supersolid state in photons provides a new window through which to peer into its mysteries. Fast electromagnetic follow-up observations of gravitational-wave sources such as binary neutron stars could shed light on questions across physics and cosmology. A machine-learning approach brings that a step closer. An argument for introducing the word cosmobiology, and accounts of the human side of science, in our weekly dip into Natures archive. Why are some species more likely to diversify than others? For the largest group of vertebrates, ray-finned fishes, the ability to evolve by transitioning back and forth between simple and complex teeth fuelled their diversification. Metallurgists have designed an extraordinary titanium alloy that is light, strong and flexible, and which recovers its original shape after large amounts of deformation  even when as cold as liquid helium or hotter than boiling water. Genomic sequencing has revealed that individual strains of life-threatening, antibiotic-resistant bacteria and Candida auris fungi reside on human skin and can be commonly transmitted between residents of nursing homes. For decades, chemists have tried to train computers to predict how different molecules can be synthesized, but existing approaches use shortcut algorithms that are unreliable when the target is complex. Adding quantum-mechanical and statistical modelling at weak points in the algorithms can provide feedback to reroute the predictions towards successful chemical syntheses. Fungi made Earths land liveable by building networks that released nutrients locked in primordial rock and supplied those nutrients to plant roots. An imaging study now sheds light on how these fungal networks are constructed. A system of ocean currents called the Atlantic meridional overturning circulation strongly affects climate, but is showing signs of shutting down. An analysis now suggests that total collapse is unlikely this century. This Review summarizes advances in mass-spectrometry-based proteomics and explores the potential applications of these technologies in the clinic. Tips for clear scientific communication, and news of efforts to kill the larvae that cause river blindness, in this weeks pick from Natures archive. Nature Nature ISSN 1476-4687 online ISSN 0028-0836 print  2025 Springer Nature Limited

