NFLNBAMLBNCAAFNCAABGolfSoccerNHLWNBAMMAOlympicsBoxingTennisRacingWrestlingFantasyExtra Mustard High School Sports NFL News Super BowlNFL Free AgencyNFL Scores NFL StandingsNFL StatsNFL ScheduleNFL InjuriesNFL Teams NBA News NBA ScheduleNBA ScoresNBA StandingsNBA StatsNBA TransactionsNBA InjuriesNBA Teams MLB NewsMLB ScheduleMLB ScoresMLB StandingsMLB StatsMLB TransactionsMLB InjuriesMLB Teams NHL News NHL ScheduleNHL ScoresNHL StandingsNHL StatsNHL TransactionsNHL InjuriesNHL Teams CFB NewsCFB RankingsCFB ScheduleCFB ScoresCFB StandingsCFB StatsCFB Teams CBB NewsCBB PollsCBB ScheduleCBB ScoresCBB StandingsMens BracketWomens BracketCBB Teams Soccer News Soccer InjuriesSoccer ScoresSoccer TablesSoccer Stats Albert Breer - NFLMonday Morning QuarterbackChris Mannix - NBAJennifer Piacenti - BettingJimmy Traina - Sports MediaKevin Sweeney - College SportsMichael Fabiano - BettingPat Forde - College SportsStephanie Apstien - MLBTom Verducci - MLB  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

A few AFC execs weigh in on the talent of this years group. Plus, Albert Breer forecasts this weeks frenzy, including who lands with which teams. A few AFC execs weigh in on the talent of this years group. Plus, Albert Breer forecasts this weeks frenzy, including who lands with which teams. Micah Parsons reacted to Myles Garretts historic contract extension with the Cleveland Browns. It was unclear if Kansas City was going to keep Bolton or not before the news dropped on Sunday. Reed is inking a three-year deal to stay in Seattle.  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

The much-anticipated Los Angeles Lakers-Boston Celtics marquee Saturday night matchup lived up to its high billing over the first 24 minutes, showcasing two teams who have legitimate NBA title aspirations. Jayson Tatums dunk gave the home team a 58-54 lead at intermission. Tatum scored 22 points and LeBron James racked up 14 points, eight rebounds and seven assists. The more interesting stat, though, is the number of times Luka Doncic got hit very hard on the face. First he received an Al Horford knee to the moneymaker after the Celtics forward spun off the rim following a dunk. Al Horford kicking Luka in the face on the dunk  pic.twitter.comNMvfro56vI Later he had the unpleasant experience of briefly drawing an offensive foul on Jaylen Brown, only to have that call reversed on a coachs challenge. This is the call Jaylen Brown is arguing. Should this hit to Luka Doncic face have been called an offensive foul or nah? httpst.co43hN8v6dXY pic.twitter.comjgWjcIW7IS In both instances it looked like Doncic avoided any serious injury. Still, no one wants to get whacked in the face a single time, let alone double-down on the experience. feed Kyle Koster is an assistant managing editor at Sports Illustrated covering the intersection of sports and media. He was formerly the editor in chief of The Big Lead, where he worked from 2011 to 24. Koster also did turns at the Chicago Sun-Times, where he created the Sports Prose blog, and at Woven Digital. Follow KyleKoster  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

The annual NFL scouting combine is an event rooted in collecting data to inform decision making. Prospects are measured to the eighth of an inch and timed down to the hundredth of a second to measure their speed and quickness. Teams codify interactions during meetings into various grading scales. Radar charts and NextGen Stats graphics fuel plenty of the post-workout online discourse trying to sum up the entire experience. At this years combine, perhaps the most telling set of analytics data was one not publicly available though. If you wanted to tell the real story of the upcoming 2025 NFL draft, you would probably be best served by diving into the various metrics tracked by Apple Watches, Oura rings and Whoop bands strapped to team personnel and key decision-makers at every franchise. For those that have an elite quarterback or honestly just a decent one right now, the time spent across an unseasonably warm week in Indianapolis likely resulted in plenty of positive underlying numbers and requisite green scorecards in whatever tracking app they wanted to pull up. Find somebody at a team that is looking for a new signal-caller however, and all those devices would probably tell a tale of late nights, high stress and plenty of nerves about the future. It is with good reason when you dig into things and little wonder that all the chatter about this incoming crop at the position was far more muted than in recent years. No matter where you went around Indianapolis, it was rumors and whispers about veterans Matthew Stafford, Aaron Rodgers and Russell Wilson that dominated the discourse from the surprisingly antagonistic Starbucks locations in the morning to late into the night at the various bars and restaurants around Lucas Oil Stadium. This years class of quarterbacks must deal not only with the increasingly obvious flaws being surfaced the more team personnel dig into their evaluations, but seem to occupy a bit of purgatory coming out of the combine that is equal parts historical and the result of a growing consensus regarding those at the top of the board. Last year, the buzz in Indy was insatiable when it came to quarterbacks and the draft. What was widely viewed as a bumper crop generally lived up to the billing this past season as rookies, from No. 1 pick Caleb Williams surviving the dysfunction with the Chicago Bears to eventual rookie of the year Jayden Daniels leading the Washington Commanders to the doorstep of the Super Bowl. Michael Penix Jr. looked good in his late audition with the Atlanta Falcons, Bo Nix made the playoffs with the Denver Broncos, and J.J. McCarthy remains in high regard around TCO Performance Center in Eagan, Minn., as he works his way back from a torn meniscus. Even late-rounders Spencer Rattler and Joe Milton showed some flashes in a handful of starts. That collection, a bit unfairly in the eyes of some evaluators, is putting additional pressure on the 2025 group because just about every side-by-side comparison goes toward the ledger of those picked last year in Detroit. It doesnt help matters that theres already wandering eyes toward the 2026 class, either, which includes a slew of players that returned to school this offseason such as Penn State Nittany Lions QB Drew Allar, LSU Tigers counterpart Garrett Nussmeier and Clemson Tigers quarterback Cade Klubnik. Its possible that someone such as Carson Beck can revive his stock in a new location with the Miami Hurricanes as well. Theres also the matter of Arch Manning being draft eligible, too. Its very much like sitting between a rock and a hard place for those in need of a quarterback this year. Complicating things is that there is a rarity in the scouting world a consensus growing near the top of the draft at the position. Miamis Cam Ward seems to be destined as first off the board and then theres a gaphow mild or large depends on the team you talk todown to Colorado Buffaloes quarterback Shedeur Sanders. We may evaluate both of those. Both may be options, GM Joe Schoen of the QB-needy New York Giants said last week. We dont know whats going to happen in the draft. We dont know whos going to be there. When we get around these kids, they may or may not be a fit for us. And after those two? Well, things are quite open to interpretation depending on what youre looking for under center. Among nearly a dozen league personnel polled by Sports Illustrated, none thought it was as close to as dire as it was with the 2022 draft that produced just one first-round quarterback Kenny Pickett and a lone success story in Mr. Irrelevant himself, Brock Purdy. Still, beauty is going to be in the eye of the beholder this year as a growing pool of players is vying to be QB3in the first round or otherwise. Theres been some gravitation toward Quinn Ewers, a former No. 1 recruit whose stock was impacted by oblique and ankle injuries during his time with the Texas Longhorns. Oregon Ducks quarterback Dillon Gabriel has a host of NCAA career records on his résumé but is also 5 11 and a rare lefty. Jalen Milroe has unmatched, elite traits when it comes to running the football but the dual-threat was hit or miss on a lot of intermediate passes with the Alabama Crimson Tide. Louisville Cardinals quarterback Tyler Shough might be the fastest riser in the draft given the gushing that has gone on around him in the media since a good Senior Bowl, but he will be 26 this fall and has a serious injury history. If there is one player who seems to be putting at least a little distance between himself and the field, it might be Ole Miss Rebels quarterback Jaxson Dart. Hes not quite arrived as the consensus pick of the bunch to be the third guy off the board, but its trending that way after a strong showing in Indianapolis. Theres a lot of people who say a lot of different things, so Im not trying to tie my head into anything like that. Im somebody thats process-driven. I just want to take it one day at a time, Dart said. This has been a dream for me since I was a little kid to be in this position that Im in today. Im really just trying to improve. I know that if I control things that I can control, everythings going to play out the right way. Im not even too nervous about that at all. Its not the first time that Dart has come on late in the process to turn heads. During his prep days in the suburbs of Salt Lake City, he was fairly under the radar as a recruit before transferring over 45 minutes away to a different high school for his senior season ahead of the COVID-19-impacted 2020 campaign. There, playing for a local powerhouse, he blossomed. Dart set state records for touchdowns scored and actually led the country in passing yards on his way to becoming the Beehive States first Gatorade National Player of the Year. College coaches, barely a second thought during his first three years in high school, turned into a steady flow of big names trying to get to know Dart as part of a whirlwind sprint to National Signing Day. Recruiting services added stars to his profile almost as quickly as his release, all amid a steady rise from fringe college player in the region to top 100 national recruit in the space of just a few months. The USC Trojans came calling eventually and, less than a year after transferring high schools, he was on his way to Los Angeles as an early enrollee. Dart wound up playing in six gamesstarting threeas a freshman at USC, throwing for over 1,300 yards and showcasing some of his toughness running the ball. But team success was fleeting amid a 48 campaign and head coach Clay Helton was fired. Lincoln Riley was hired soon after and Dart could see the writing on the wall given that Williams, the eventual Heisman Trophy winner, was following his coach West from the Oklahoma Sooners. That led to a trip into the NCAA transfer portal and a journey from one of Americas biggest cities to one of its coziest college towns as Dart made the move to Ole Miss. Across three years as a starter in Oxford, Miss., he recorded the fourth most offensive yards in SEC history and led the Rebels to their first 11-win season. I feel like development-wise, conceptually, Ive ran every concept and Ive had reps at it. They know what it looks like. Coach Lane Kiffin at one point was the youngest NFL head coach. I think that says something. Coach Charlie Weis Jr., my offensive coordinator, coached in the NFL. His dad coached in the NFL, won the Super Bowl, Dart said. So they all know what it looks like and I feel like I was put in a great spot. NFL teams like that Dart has 41 college starts under his belt and he earned plaudits after a fairly extensive set of formal interviews at the combine. The 6 2, 223-pounder also had one of the better throwing sessions on the Lucas Oil turf and is putting together a rather robust itinerary for top-30 visits surrounding his upcoming pro day at Ole Miss. I dont think a lot of people talk about that but Im the youngest quarterback in this draft class. And at the same time, Ive had a ton of experience, he added, perhaps subtly creating a differentiator with others in his position like Shough and Gabriel. I think that my time throughout my whole college career has really put me in a good situation now of being able to overcome adversity and staying persistent. It will be several more months before we see where all that persistence leads for Dart, to say nothing of the other signal-callers that have coalesced into a similar position fighting for teams attention behind Sanders and Ward. The draft season is a long one and such overarching narratives about the most important position on the field are sure to shift several more times as every franchise remains in the data-collection phase for a little while longer. Soon, though, there will be a time for decisions to be made and for quarterbacks to get drafted in a sea of career-defining moves by those making them. As much as teams might ultimately profess their love of such a prospect on the long path to the draft in Green Bay this year, its a good thing their health devices data wont be made public along with it as they confront a conundrum under center that a few are lucky to avoid and others are forced to reckon with between now and late April. Bryan Fischer is a staff writer at Sports Illustrated covering college sports. He joined the SI staff in October 2024 after spending nearly two decades at outlets such as FOX Sports, NBC Sports and CBS Sports. A member of the Football Writers Association of Americas All-America Selection Committee and a Heisman Trophy voter, Fischer has received awards for investigative journalism from the Associated Press Sports Editors and FWAA. He has a bachelors in communication from USC. Follow bryandfischer  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

NC State mens basketballs season came to end on Saturday, and coach Kevin Keattss career with the Wolfpack ended on Sunday as the team announced his firing. This news came as a bit of a surprise after Keatts led the Wolfpack to a Final Four run just last year. However, NC State posted a 1219 overall record and 515 ACC record to miss out on the NCAA tournament this year. Keattss eight-year tenure with the program has him finishing with a 151-113 overall record, and a 69-84 ACC record. He took the team to three NCAA tournaments in that span. pic.twitter.com0RR2DRBv7T I am extremely proud of what we accomplished during my time here, Keatts wrote in the statement above. ... As we enter this new era of college sports, I wholeheartedly believe that I am leaving the program in better position to succeed than when I startedand that the basketball program will continue to thrive when supported to the level necessary to compete. Keatts started in his NC State head coaching role in 2017 after coaching UNC Wilmington for three seasons. He took UNC Wilmington to the NCAA tournament twice. In last years NCAA tournament, NC State notably upset Marquette and ACC opponent Duke to reach the Final Four. The Wolfpack also won the ACC tournament, which is what got them the automatic bid to the tournament. feed Madison Williams is a staff writer on the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated, where she specializes in tennis but covers a wide range of sports from a national perspective. Before joining SI in 2022, Williams worked at The Sporting News. Having graduated from Augustana College, she completed a masters in sports media at Northwestern University. She is a dog mom and an avid reader. Follow madisonwsports  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

The betting lines for baseball games are typically different than football or basketball. Youll see point spreads for those sports, but the most common bet in baseball is the moneyline. You just need your team to win, but will find higher odds on better teams. Dodgers -220 Padres 200 In this example, youd have to bet 220 on the favored Dodgers to win 100. However, a 100 bet on the underdog Padres would win 200. Like most other sports, youll find totals offered for baseball. You can bet the over or under on total runs scored by both teams. Another common bet is on the run line. That does incorporate a point spread, which is typically 1.5 runs with the odds changing. Dodgers -1.5 -130 Padres 1.5 110 Using the example from the first section, the Dodgers odds come way down but now they have to win by 2 or more runs. Sportsbooks will offer proposition bets, or props, on big games. Props are famously associated with Super Bowl betting. Like all other sports, futures bets are quite popular in baseball. You can bet your favorite team to win the championship throughout the season, with odds changing as their fortunes rise or fall. Another popular bet is win totals. Oddsmakers set a win total for each team, and you can bet on whether that team will go over or under that win total. You can also bet on props like who will win MVP, or overunder on how many home runs or hits certain players will have in a season. Bets and betting odds data are powered by BetMGM. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US, Call 1-800-327-5050 MA, 1-800-NEXT-STEP AZ, 1-800-522-4700 KS, 1-800-BETS-OFF IA, 1-800-270-7117 MI, Call 877-8-HOPENY or text HOPENY 467369 NY. Must be 21. Visit BetMGM.com for terms and conditions.

If FIFA were to adopt the proposal for temporary expansion, the mens World Cup would double in size from 2022 to 2030. FIFA, in an opaque ruling, said that only nations from CONCACAF and Africa would be eligible to host the 2031 Womens World Cup. The U.S. Soccer Federation has said it will bid. The final will take place at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey.

During the college football season, there will be dozens of games on the board most Saturdays. Three types of odds are the most common Point spread The point spread, also called the side, evens the playing field in a lopsided matchup. Alabama -35.5 New Mexico State 35.5 With this example, bettors backing the underdog New Mexico State need the Aggies to win or keep the losing margin to 35 points or less. Alabama would need to win by 36 or more points for Crimson Tide bettors to cash that wager. Overunder These bets, also called the total, are simple. The sportsbook sets a line on combined points by both teams, and bettors can take over or under that point total. Moneyline This bet removes the point spread, with corresponding odds for the favorite and underdog. Ohio State -400 Penn State 350 In this example, Ohio State backers would need to lay 400 on the favorite Buckeyes to win 100. A 100 bet on Penn State would return 350, but the Nittany Lions would have to win straight up. The most popular future bet is on the College Football Playoff national champion. Bettors can also wager on who will win the Heisman Trophy, and usually sportsbooks offer future bets for overunder win totals on teams from the major conferences. Bets and betting odds data are powered by BetMGM. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US, Call 1-800-327-5050 MA, 1-800-NEXT-STEP AZ, 1-800-522-4700 KS, 1-800-BETS-OFF IA, 1-800-270-7117 MI, Call 877-8-HOPENY or text HOPENY 467369 NY. Must be 21. Visit BetMGM.com for terms and conditions.

