February may be the shortest month of the year, but that doesnt mean it was short on interesting rounds. Startups ranging from space mining to those that help connect pickleball enthusiasts all raised some cash this month. Lets dive in. The past few weeks were slow when it came to big rounds, but this week was quite the bounce-back. More than a half dozen startups raised 100 million... So far this year, only around 2.3 billion globally has gone to seed through growth-stage investments in in sustainability-related categories  down... As President Trump imposes steep tariffs on steel imports, we look at venture funding to the steel sector and find startup investors have poured... The year started strong for huge rounds, as the first month saw a trio of billion-dollar raises and a slew of others of more than 250 million... While the year started out hot for large megaround deals, it has slowed considerably. Just three startups raised nine-figure rounds this week and you... The start of a new year brings a lot of promise  and a lot of interesting new funding rounds. Lets take a look at a handful of funding deals you... Although global venture funding rose overall in 2024, it wasnt a particularly strong year for emerging economies. Even so, there were a few... Fusion startup Helion locked up a 425 million Series F  valuing the company at 5.4 billion  as the company looks to satiate Big Techs appetite... Climate diplomacy wont succeed in getting us to net-zero, writes guest columnist Gregory Dewerpe, the founder and managing partner of Noa, who... As AI becomes more embedded in business operations, it is poised to fundamentally reshape company structures, especially in how products and services... Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

The Crunchbase Unicorn Board is a curated list of the most valuable private companies in the world. Powered by Crunchbases comprehensive data, this unicorn company list is updated as companies are valued at 1 billion or more in a new funding round. Valuations are based on companies most recently disclosed funding rounds. Learn more about how companies are included and ranked on this board. COMPANIES TOTAL RAISED TOTAL VALUE Last updated 03092025 This curated Crunchbase Unicorn Board includes private unicorn companies with post-money valuations of 1 billion or more and is based on Crunchbase data. New companies are added to this unicorn company list as they reach the 1 billion valuation mark as part of a funding round. Data for companies already on the leaderboard is updated when there is a new funding round announced. For the sake of consistency, this board is ranked based on valuations set by investors during priced funding rounds for companies. The unicorn board does not reflect internal company valuations  such as those set via a 409a process for employee stock options  as these differ from, and are more likely to be lower than, a priced funding round. We also do not adjust valuations based on investor writedowns, which change quarterly, since different investors will not value the same company consistently within the same quarter. The Exited Unicorn List includes companies that reached a valuation of 1 billion or more as private companies and subsequently exited via acquisition or IPO. The list is based on a curated Crunchbase dataset and market data. Companies that reach a 1 billion-plus valuation for the first time via an exit event are not included on the list. The curated Emerging Unicorn Board includes private companies with valuations of 500 million or more but less than 1 billion, based on Crunchbase data. Crunchbases emerging unicorns list is updated whenever a new company reaches that valuation range or there is a change in valuation for a company already on the leaderboard. Please reach out to supportcrunchbase.com if a company is missing or if data needs to be updated. For press inquiries, please reach out to presscrunchbase.com. A unicorn company is a privately held company thats valued at 1 billion or more. For the sake of consistency, this board is ranked based on valuations set by investors during priced funding rounds for companies. The unicorn board does not reflect internal company valuations  such as those set via a 409a process for employee stock options  as these are typically different from a priced funding round. We also do not adjust valuations based on investor writedowns, which change quarterly, as different investors will value the same portfolio companies differently even within the same quarter. We do, however, remove companies from this board that have been deemed essentially worthless by investors, such as former crypto unicorn FTX, which collapsed and filed for bankruptcy protection. Internal valuations for many unicorn companies have fallen since 2022 as public company stock prices have also declined. However, most of those valuation declines are not yet reflected on the unicorn board, as the valuations here are those disclosed during an announced funding round, and many companies on the board have delayed raising additional capital during a down market. As of January 2025 half of the more than 1,500 unicorn companies on this list had been valued in a funding since the beginning of 2022. That percentage drops to a quarter of all unicorn companies valued in a funding since 2023. Around 35 of all unicorn companies were last valued in 2020 and 2021. If you include 2022 companies that rises to 60. These companies were valued in a technology market bubble. It will be interesting to track these values as these companies raise funding or exit in 2025 and beyond. According to Crunchbases latest unicorn data, there are more than 1,500 private companies around the world that have a current unicorn status. These companies cover a variety of industries including artificial intelligence, financial services, health care, e-commerce and transportation. Collectively, these unicorn companies have raised over 1 trillion in more than 8,000 rounds of financing from 10,000 investors. The total amount of funding raised by unicorns has steadily increased year over year since the mid-2000s, although that amount fell year over year in 2022 and 2023. Close to 500 additional unicorn startups have exited over time, bringing the total number of current and former unicorns to over 2,000. Some examples of companies that reached unicorn status before going public include Airbnb, Snowflake, Rivian, SoFi, Uber, Affirm and Instacart. More than 100 companies reached unicorn status in 2024. The most highly valued new unicorn of 2024 was xAI, which first joined in May at a 24 billion valuation. Its valuation doubled to 50 billion in a new round of funding six months later. Other new unicorns of 2024 include San Francisco-based AI search company Perplexity, foundation model company Safe Superintelligence, AI coding startup Poolside, and AI legaltech Harvey. From Beijing, foundation model company Moonshot AI and Tokyo model company Sakana AI joined the board in 2024. Read our 2024 Global Funding Report for more. New unicorn creation slowed in 2023 when 100 companies joined the unicorn board. The most highly valued unicorn companies that joined in 2023 include New Jerseys CoreWeave, a cloud infrastructure company valued most recently at 23 billion. From China, two semiconductor companies joined automotive chipmaker GTA Semiconductor valued at 6.3 billion, and memory chip company Changxin New Bridge valued at 6 billion. From Europe, AI software defense tech company Helsing, based in Germany, was valued at 5.3 billion and Mistral AI, a Paris-based foundation large language model company valued at 6.1 billion. The leading sectors for unicorn companies are financial services, AI, and e-commerce and shopping in that order. The biggest unicorn company in the world by valuation is ByteDance, which is valued at 220 billion, according to Crunchbase data. Based in Shanghai, China, ByteDance is an internet technology company that operates creative content platforms such as TikTok. The top five unicorn companies by valuation globally are tech unicorn ByteDance, valued at 220 billion OpenAI valued at 157 billion Ant Group, valued at 150 billion SpaceX, valued at 137 billion and Reliance Retail valued at 100 billion. The top five U.S. unicorn companies by valuation are OpenAI SpaceX Stripe, valued at 65 billion Databricks, valued at 62 billion and xAI, valued at 50 billion. The most active unicorn investors include Tiger Global Management, Sequoia Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, and Accel. Their unicorn investments over the years include OpenAI, Stripe, Databricks and xAI. The most common founding year for companies currently on the unicorn board is 2015, when 176 of the current unicorn companies were founded. Thats followed by 2014 and 2016, both years in which over 140 current unicorns got their start. The United States has by far produced the most unicorn companies More than 700 currently listed on the unicorn board. Thats not surprising, given that the United States receives the largest share of venture capital funding each year. China ranks a distant second, with 260 current unicorns on the board. However, three of the five largest unicorn companies on the board, including the two largest  ByteDance and Ant Group  are based in China. Calendly, HoneyBook, Cityblock Health and Away are examples of startups that were founded by Black, Latinx or female founders, according to Crunchbases Diversity Spotlight data. Yes. Our vision is for The Crunchbase Unicorn Board to be a public resource. We ask that you please cite Crunchbase as the data source and include a link for the unicorn list when possible. For additional press inquiries, email presscrunchbase.com. Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Funding to European startups reached 11.8 billion in the first quarter of 2024, up marginally from Q4 2023 and down less than 10 from Q1 2023, Crunchbase data shows. Overall, European venture funding in the most recent quarter was slightly lower than the average quarter in 2023. Around 18 of global venture capital was allocated to European startups in the first quarter, while North America represented just over 50 of quarterly venture funding. Leading sectors for funding in Europe were financial services, healthcare and energy. AI companies raised 1.4 billion, or around 12 of European venture capital. That was about 1 billion less than was raised by financial services companies. The U.K. represented 26 of the European venture market in Q1. Germany and France are the runners-up with 16 each of allocated European venture. The Netherlands and Sweden were the next largest regions for European funding. Late-stage investments from Series C onward totaled 4.6 billion invested across 84 companies. London-based digital bank Monzo raised the largest funding in Europe in Q1. The company raised 430 million at a 5 billion valuation led by Alphabets growth fund, CapitalG. Monzo was last valued at 4.5 billion in early 2022. The second-largest raise in Europe was by online grocer Picnic, based in Amsterdam. It raised 388 million with the largest participation from Germany-based supermarket chain Edeka and the Bill  Melinda Gates Foundation, and has expanded to cities in Germany and France. Early-stage funding actually outpaced late-stage funding in Q1, reaching 5.4 billion invested in more than 300 European startups, Crunchbase data shows. In fact, as the funding markets slowed further in 2023, early-stage investment has now outpaced late-stage funding amounts for three of the past five quarters, per Crunchbase data. Large early-stage deals in Europe in Q1 went to several sustainable energy companies that raised sizable Series B deals. They include Paris-based electric charging company Electra, Frankfurt-based solar provider Enviria, and Stockholm-based home energy provider Aira. European seed-stage startups raised 1.7 billion in Q1 across more than 900 companies, Crunchbase data shows. The stage has been below the 2 billion mark since Q3 2023. As always, keep in mind that seed data lags the most and will increase funding counts over time as deals are added to the Crunchbase dataset. While the venture funding numbers are down from the peak, its worth keeping in mind that the European startup funding landscape has increased significantly over the years. The venture capital ecosystem in Europe grew every year from 2014 through 2021. In 2021 alone, funding more than doubled. But after a couple of quarters in 2022, European VC investment fell back to pre-2021 funding amounts, an analysis of Crunchbase data indicates. Still, when you look at the quarterly funding amounts at seed and early-stage funding in 2023 and into the first quarter of 2024, amounts invested in European startups were higher than 2020 averages. The data contained in this report comes directly from Crunchbase, and is based on reported data. Data reported is as of April 3, 2024, and will be updated again before the final report is published. Note that data lags are most pronounced at the earliest stages of venture activity, with seed funding amounts increasing significantly after the end of a quarteryear. Please note that all funding values are given in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. Crunchbase converts foreign currencies to U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate from the date funding rounds, acquisitions, IPOs and other financial events are reported. Even if those events were added to Crunchbase long after the event was announced, foreign currency transactions are converted at the historic spot price. We have made a change to how we include corporate funding rounds in our reporting as of January 2023. Corporate rounds are only included if a company has raised an equity funding at seed through a venture series funding round. Seed and angel consists of seed, pre-seed and angel rounds. Crunchbase also includes venture rounds of unknown series, equity crowdfunding and convertible notes at 3 million USD or as-converted USD equivalent or less. Early-stage consists of Series A and Series B rounds, as well as other round types. Crunchbase includes venture rounds of unknown series, corporate venture and other rounds above 3 million, and those less than or equal to 15 million. Late-stage consists of Series C, Series D, Series E and later-lettered venture rounds following the Series Letter naming convention. Also included are venture rounds of unknown series, corporate venture and other rounds above 15 million. Technology growth is a private-equity round raised by a company that has previously raised a venture round. So basically, any round from the previously defined stages. Stay up to date with recent funding rounds, acquisitions, and more with the Crunchbase Daily. Artificial intelligence and defense were the key buzz words of the week in the venture world. Three startups in those sectors raised massive rounds... At least seven U.S. venture-backed private companies last reported valuations at over 45 billion. Several are also reportedly on the verge of new... Quite a few players in the global economy are instantly affected by exchange-rate fluctuations. Unfortunately, its also something over which they... Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

This column is a look back at the week that was in AI. Read the previous one here. It was just four months ago we examined right in this very column the exorbitant valuation jumps many all? AI startups had been enjoying in the then-recent months. Well, February showed that type of craziness can happen in just one short month. The year is still young, but AI valuations are already reaching astonishing heights. SoftBanks planned 40 billion investment into OpenAI would come at a nearly 300 billion valuation, almost double its valuation from October. The creator of ChatGPT isnt the only one experiencing such a valuation surge. Perhaps the most eye-catching one was the raise first reported last week and just closed days ago  Anthropics fresh 3.5 billion funding round led by Lightspeed Venture Partners that valued it at 61.5 billion. Anthropics new valuation will be more than triple what it was just a year ago, when it was valued at 18.5 billion. The round also will value Anthropic at more than Elon Musks xAI  which was valued at 50 million in November after its 6 billion Series C which Lightspeed also participated in  so how how long do any of us believe itll take xAI to raise at a larger valuation? Thats not all. Just a week before that, Together AI, which makes a cloud platform for developers to build on open and custom artificial intelligence models, raised a 305 million funding round led by General Catalyst and Saudi Arabias Prosperity7 Ventures at a 3.3 billion valuation. The new valuation is a more than 160 jump from the 1.25 billion Together AI was valued at after Salesforce Ventures 1 led a 106 million round for the Menlo Park, California-based startup just last March. Earlier in February, San Francisco-based artificial intelligence legal tech startup Harvey raised a 300 million round led by Sequoia Capital that values the startup at 3 billion, per a report. It was just last July when Harvey raised a 100 million Series C led by GV with participation from the likes of OpenAI, Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital at a 1.5 billion valuation. So, in about 200 days the startup really doubled its valuation by 1.5 billion? As for the investors, Sequoia has really seen enough in the last five months to put in even more money, but for half the stake it would have received just five months ago? However, perhaps nothing really comes close to AI research lab Safe Superintelligence being in talks to raise another 1 billion in a round led by Greenoaks Capital Partners that would value the startup at 30 billion, Bloomberg reported. Thats a sixfold increase from the 5 billion SSI was valued at back in September, per Reuters. SSI, co-founded by OpenAIs former chief scientist Ilya Sutskever, is looking to develop safe artificial intelligence systems, but isnt generating revenue and doesnt even intend to sell an AI product in the near future. So, a company with no revenue or product has increased its valuation 5 billion per month for the past five months? None of this is even taking into consideration Thinking Machines Lab, the new startup by former OpenAI CTO Mira Murati, planning to raise 1 billion at a 9 billion valuation, per Business Insider. Since that is the startups first raise, no massive valuation jump can be calculated. Of course, this sounds like a broken record, but the current trend of AI startups with sky-high valuations and little to no revenue  and sometimes even no product  must eventually come to an end. Even those with a product still need to demonstrate a viable business strategy. VCs, who have loudly bemoaned the lack of liquidity they face thanks to a slow IPO and MA market, are investing gobs of cash into AI startups that could take more than a decade to ever produce a return  if they ever do  due to the very much still embryonic AI market. But like we said four months ago  it never stops. Illustration Dom Guzman Salesforce Ventures is an investor in Crunchbase. They have no say in our editorial process. For more, head here. Stay up to date with recent funding rounds, acquisitions, and more with the Crunchbase Daily. Artificial intelligence and defense were the key buzz words of the week in the venture world. Three startups in those sectors raised massive rounds... At least seven U.S. venture-backed private companies last reported valuations at over 45 billion. Several are also reportedly on the verge of new... Quite a few players in the global economy are instantly affected by exchange-rate fluctuations. Unfortunately, its also something over which they... Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Eleven startups joined The Crunchbase Unicorn Board in January, including five from the healthcare sector. Health-related startups that joined included companies working on genetic research, drug development, scanning services, AI agents and in-home healthcare. The remaining six new January unicorns hail from multiple sectors, although artificial intelligence impacts the majority of them  driving advances in health, professional services, computer vision, data storage and space technology. In December, our unicorn board topped 1 trillion in collective funding raised for the first time. Unicorns are private companies valued at a billion dollars or more, and now total 1,565, per the board. Januarys 11 newcomer count is above the average of nine monthly new unicorns we saw in 2024. Seven of the 11 new companies are U.S.-based. Three are from Europe one each from the U.K., Sweden and Switzerland. Asia minted one new unicorn in January, based in India. Last months youngest new unicorn was 1-year-old Hippocratic AI. Here are the 11 newly minted January unicorns, by sector. Healthcare Data storage Recruitment Sales and marketing Transportation Space tech Crypto Of the current unicorns on the board, about a third  or more than 500 have not raised funding since 2021, based on a recent Crunchbase analysis. The Crunchbase Unicorn Board is a curated list that includes private unicorn companies with post-money valuations of 1 billion or more and is based on Crunchbase data. New companies are added to the Unicorn Board as they reach the 1 billion valuation mark as part of a funding round. The unicorn board does not reflect internal company valuations  such as those set via a 409a process for employee stock options  as these differ from, and are more likely to be lower than, a priced funding round. We also do not adjust valuations based on investor writedowns, which change quarterly, as different investors will not value the same company consistently within the same quarter. Funding to unicorn companies includes all private financings to companies that are tagged as unicorns, as well as those that have since graduated to The Exited Unicorn Board. Exits analyzed here only include the first time a company exits. Please note that all funding values are given in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. Crunchbase converts foreign currencies to U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate from the date funding rounds, acquisitions, IPOs and other financial events are reported. Even if those events were added to Crunchbase long after the event was announced, foreign currency transactions are converted at the historic spot price. Illustration Dom Guzman Felicis is an investor in Crunchbase. They have no say in our editorial process. For more, head here. Stay up to date with recent funding rounds, acquisitions, and more with the Crunchbase Daily. Artificial intelligence and defense were the key buzz words of the week in the venture world. Three startups in those sectors raised massive rounds... At least seven U.S. venture-backed private companies last reported valuations at over 45 billion. Several are also reportedly on the verge of new... Quite a few players in the global economy are instantly affected by exchange-rate fluctuations. Unfortunately, its also something over which they... Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Startup Grind hosts events in over 500 cities and 120 countries around the world, and our flagship Conference every April in Silicon Valley. At the local level, our chapters bring together their communities of early-stage startup teams, founders, creators, and tech enthusiasts every month for impactful networking, education, and inspiration. All of our speakers generously donate their time to educate and give back to this community. We appreciate you being here and are happy to learn more about you! A Startup Grind event isnt an opportunity to pitch or promote your company, rather an opportunity to educate and connect with the worlds largest community of founders and startup teams as they navigate the challenges of building a company. All Startup Grind events are recorded with full audio and many with video for repurposing on our local and global YouTube channels. You may use this collatoral for promotion and media on your own though Startup Grind reserves all rights to the content for commercial purposes. Who would you like to nominate Speakers Email Adress Linked URL Speakers company name Is the speakers company funded or bootstrapped Calgary Durham Region Kelowna Montreal Richmond, BC Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Albuquerque Atlanta Atlantic City Austin Baltimore Baton Rouge Boston Bryan-College Station Capital Region Carlsbad Chandler Charleston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Colorado Springs Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit East Los Angeles Fort Worth Fremont Frisco Ft. Lauderdale Grand Rapids Green Bay Harvard Houston Irvine Kansas City Lansing Las Vegas Louisville Manhattan Beach Marquette Maryland Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New Orleans New York City Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Princeton Richmond Rochester Sacramento Salt Lake City San Diego San Jose Seattle Bay Area Cape Coral Saint Louis Palo Alto Tampa Traverse City Trenton Tulsa Washington West Los Angeles Wichita Winston-Salem Arequipa Asunción Barranquilla Belo Horizonte Bogota Buenos Aires Caracas Chihuahua Cochabamba Florianópolis Guadalajara Guatemala City Guayaquil Jeremie Joinville La Paz Lima Medellin Merida Mexico City Monterrey Mossoró Presidente Prudente Punta del Este Santiago de Querétaro Quito Sao Jose Do Rio Preto San José San Juan San Pedro Sula Santiago Santo Domingo São Paulo Trujillo Santo Domingo Aberdeen Ankara Athens Baku Barcelona Potenza Batumi Berlin Bratislava Brighton Brussels Bucharest Budapest Catanzaro Naples Campobasso Caserta Chisinau Copenhagen Nicosia Istanbul Dublin Edinburgh Les Escaldes Frankfurt A Coruña Ganja Gibraltar Glasgow Gothenburg Halmstad Hamburg Helsinki Ibiza Tbilisi Isle of Man Istanbul Košice Krakow Kyiv Leeds Limerick Lisbon Liverpool Ljubljana London Lugano Luxembourg Madrid Malaga Manchester Mataró Milan Mingachevir Minsk Podgorica Russia Nantes Newcastle upon Tyne Paris Pisa Porto Bari Rhein-Neckar Rome Rotterdam Palermo Southampton Stockholm Taranto Tbilisi Tirana Perugia  Foligno Valencia Veneto Vilnius Warsaw Yerevan Zurich Abu Dhabi Amman Baghdad Cairo Dubai Gaza Muscat Jeddah Jerusalem Kabul Kuwait City Mecca Manama Muscat Doha Riyadh Sohar Ramat Gan Tabuk Tel Aviv Abeokuta Abuja Accra Addis Ababa Agadir Anambra Asaba Asmara Banjul Benin City Cape Town Cotonou Dakar Dakhla Dar es Salaam Dodoma Durban East London Eldoret Enugu Giza Goma Ibadan Ife Ilorin Jalingo Johannesburg Jos Juba Nairobi Kampala Kampala Khartoum Kigali Kimberley Lagos Lome Mahikeng Mansoura Manzini Maseru Mbabane Monrovia Mthatha Nairobi New Cairo City Okpanam Owerri Polokwane Portsaid Pretoria Rustenburg Shebeen El-Kom Sousse Tripoli Tunis Yamoussoukro Abbottabad Almaty Amaravati Auckland Bali Bangalore Bangkok Bannu Bhubaneswar Brisbane Cebu Chandigarh Chittagong Coimbatore Colombo New Delhi Dhaka Dongguan Faisalabad Fukuoka Gold Coast Gujrat Hanoi Hong Kong Hyderabad Hyderabad Indore Islamabad Jaipur Jakarta Jammu City Jamshedpur Kanyakumari Karachi Kashmir Khulna Bhubaneswar Kochi Kuala Lumpur Lahore Layyah Lucknow Madurai Manila Melbourne Multan Mumbai Nagoya Nasik Okara Penang Peshawar Phnom Penh Pune Raipur Rajkot Rawalpindi Sahiwal Seoul Sialkot Singapore Delhi Surabaya Sydney Taipei Tashkent Tokyo Ulaanbaatar Wah Cantt Wellington Beijing Chengdu Guangzhou Nanning Shanghai Shenzhen Which city does the speaker call home Calgary Durham Region Kelowna Montreal Richmond, BC Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Albuquerque Atlanta Atlantic City Austin Baltimore Baton Rouge Boston Bryan-College Station Capital Region Carlsbad Chandler Charleston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Colorado Springs Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit East Los Angeles Fort Worth Fremont Frisco Ft. Lauderdale Grand Rapids Green Bay Harvard Houston Irvine Kansas City Lansing Las Vegas Louisville Manhattan Beach Marquette Maryland Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New Orleans New York City Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Princeton Richmond Rochester Sacramento Salt Lake City San Diego San Jose Seattle Bay Area Cape Coral Saint Louis Palo Alto Tampa Traverse City Trenton Tulsa Washington West Los Angeles Wichita Winston-Salem Arequipa Asunción Barranquilla Belo Horizonte Bogota Buenos Aires Caracas Chihuahua Cochabamba Florianópolis Guadalajara Guatemala City Guayaquil Jeremie Joinville La Paz Lima Medellin Merida Mexico City Monterrey Mossoró Presidente Prudente Punta del Este Santiago de Querétaro Quito Sao Jose Do Rio Preto San José San Juan San Pedro Sula Santiago Santo Domingo São Paulo Trujillo Santo Domingo Aberdeen Ankara Athens Baku Barcelona Potenza Batumi Berlin Bratislava Brighton Brussels Bucharest Budapest Catanzaro Naples Campobasso Caserta Chisinau Copenhagen Nicosia Istanbul Dublin Edinburgh Les Escaldes Frankfurt A Coruña Ganja Gibraltar Glasgow Gothenburg Halmstad Hamburg Helsinki Ibiza Tbilisi Isle of Man Istanbul Košice Krakow Kyiv Leeds Limerick Lisbon Liverpool Ljubljana London Lugano Luxembourg Madrid Malaga Manchester Mataró Milan Mingachevir Minsk Podgorica Russia Nantes Newcastle upon Tyne Paris Pisa Porto Bari Rhein-Neckar Rome Rotterdam Palermo Southampton Stockholm Taranto Tbilisi Tirana Perugia  Foligno Valencia Veneto Vilnius Warsaw Yerevan Zurich Abu Dhabi Amman Baghdad Cairo Dubai Gaza Muscat Jeddah Jerusalem Kabul Kuwait City Mecca Manama Muscat Doha Riyadh Sohar Ramat Gan Tabuk Tel Aviv Abeokuta Abuja Accra Addis Ababa Agadir Anambra Asaba Asmara Banjul Benin City Cape Town Cotonou Dakar Dakhla Dar es Salaam Dodoma Durban East London Eldoret Enugu Giza Goma Ibadan Ife Ilorin Jalingo Johannesburg Jos Juba Nairobi Kampala Kampala Khartoum Kigali Kimberley Lagos Lome Mahikeng Mansoura Manzini Maseru Mbabane Monrovia Mthatha Nairobi New Cairo City Okpanam Owerri Polokwane Portsaid Pretoria Rustenburg Shebeen El-Kom Sousse Tripoli Tunis Yamoussoukro Abbottabad Almaty Amaravati Auckland Bali Bangalore Bangkok Bannu Bhubaneswar Brisbane Cebu Chandigarh Chittagong Coimbatore Colombo New Delhi Dhaka Dongguan Faisalabad Fukuoka Gold Coast Gujrat Hanoi Hong Kong Hyderabad Hyderabad Indore Islamabad Jaipur Jakarta Jammu City Jamshedpur Kanyakumari Karachi Kashmir Khulna Bhubaneswar Kochi Kuala Lumpur Lahore Layyah Lucknow Madurai Manila Melbourne Multan Mumbai Nagoya Nasik Okara Penang Peshawar Phnom Penh Pune Raipur Rajkot Rawalpindi Sahiwal Seoul Sialkot Singapore Delhi Surabaya Sydney Taipei Tashkent Tokyo Ulaanbaatar Wah Cantt Wellington Beijing Chengdu Guangzhou Nanning Shanghai Shenzhen Which chapters are you able to speak at Please enter your name whether suggesting yourself or someone else Email we can contact you on Why should the speaker be chosen

Startup Grind was founded in 2010 when some friends and fellow entrepreneurs got together to crack the same problem they were all facing the growing challenges of launching a company. What became clear was these obstacles were extensive and stretched far beyond their group. Their gatherings soon spurred a local startup movement that attracted founders and experts from every industry, all coming together to share their advice and inspirations for early entrepreneurs. Eventually, vibrant Startup Grind communities chapters began developing in Los Angeles, Tel Aviv, London, New York, Beijing, and many more. Our community proves that entrepreneurs are in fact, stronger together. Only got 134 minutes? If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together  African Proverb Our mission To give startups everywhere the education and opportunities they need to build, grow, and scale their companies. We strive to help founders, entrepreneurs, and startups succeed, regardless of geographic location or socioeconomic circumstance. We believe a better tomorrow is possible by supporting the innovators and risk-takers of today. 50 of our team are founders themselves, so we know from experience how difficult it can be. It cannot be done alone, and the COVID-19 pandemic has created an even greater sense of urgency. This is why we built a safe haven for emerging startups that share our belief that a better future is on the horizon  because we know its up to us to make it happen. Our values We believe in making friends, not contacts. We believe in giving first, not taking. We believe in helping others before helping yourself. We are passionate about the forces that strengthen our community and our chapters worldwide. We believe our investment in community-building is what drives our startups toward continued success. Each of us lives and breathes our values and relentlessly strives to do better everyday. What makes us different is our commitment to global citizenship, and our goal to lead by example in this space. As Global Citizens, we take pride in knowing our global presence in every community has a direct impact on the livelihoods of the people living there. From bootstrapped beginnings through Series A rounds, we support our members with access to funding opportunities, expanding market reach, and connection to a robust network of founders, tech leaders, investors and partners. A few of our offerings include local events, flagship conferences, startup, partner and investor memberships, and online content  collectively reaching millions of individuals worldwide. Global Conference Learn more Startup Membership Learn more Partner Membership Learn more Partner Offers Learn more Our Blog Learn more Educational Content Learn more Local Events Learn more We were founded in Silicon Valley, but our chapters have reached over 5 million entrepreneurs across 125 countries and counting! Chapters Countries Chapter Team Members Community Members Worldwide We are proud to work with brands who are helping startups. Diversity, equity, inclusion. At Startup Grind, we believe everyone is equal and has a story to share. In fact, this is something we encourage. At HQ, our team shares stories and celebrates personal milestones in our team meetings because we believe that open conversations are the key to unlocking the strength of diverse teams. This allows us to continually practice cultivating and preserving a culture of inclusion that feels safe for everyone. It also inspires us to think differently, and challenge our own assumptions and biases. We embrace open conversations on diversity, equity, and inclusion because they allow our community to evolve and continually move forward. Each year, we host various company-wide initiatives to champion advocacy, amplify diverse perspectives, and increase awareness of our own personal responsibility on the global stage. Recognizing each other as Global Citizens empowers us to think bigger and set the bar higher as we seek to transform our communities. At Startup Grind, our global mindset defines us and informs everything we do. Learn more Startup Grind community members must hold themselves to the highest standards. We recognize that each of us is an ambassador for Startup Grind and reflects the organization and its values in our actions. As part of the Startup Grind global community, we must act justly and respectfully at all times. Those who do not abide by this Code of Conduct may be removed from the Startup Grind community andor organization. The Startup Grind Code of Conduct revolves around our key values Read Subscribe to our newsletter Get our latest news, learn about upcoming events, and access perks and discounts for your startup. Subscribe Partner with us We are proud to work with brands who are helping startups. Learn more

Startup Grind was founded in 2010 when some friends and fellow entrepreneurs got together to crack the same problem they were all facing the growing challenges of launching a company. What became clear was these obstacles were extensive and stretched far beyond their group. Their gatherings soon spurred a local startup movement that attracted founders and experts from every industry, all coming together to share their advice and inspirations for early entrepreneurs. Eventually, vibrant Startup Grind communities chapters began developing in Los Angeles, Tel Aviv, London, New York, Beijing, and many more. Our community proves that entrepreneurs are in fact, stronger together. Only got 134 minutes? If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together  African Proverb Our mission To give startups everywhere the education and opportunities they need to build, grow, and scale their companies. We strive to help founders, entrepreneurs, and startups succeed, regardless of geographic location or socioeconomic circumstance. We believe a better tomorrow is possible by supporting the innovators and risk-takers of today. 50 of our team are founders themselves, so we know from experience how difficult it can be. It cannot be done alone, and the COVID-19 pandemic has created an even greater sense of urgency. This is why we built a safe haven for emerging startups that share our belief that a better future is on the horizon  because we know its up to us to make it happen. Our values We believe in making friends, not contacts. We believe in giving first, not taking. We believe in helping others before helping yourself. We are passionate about the forces that strengthen our community and our chapters worldwide. We believe our investment in community-building is what drives our startups toward continued success. Each of us lives and breathes our values and relentlessly strives to do better everyday. What makes us different is our commitment to global citizenship, and our goal to lead by example in this space. As Global Citizens, we take pride in knowing our global presence in every community has a direct impact on the livelihoods of the people living there. From bootstrapped beginnings through Series A rounds, we support our members with access to funding opportunities, expanding market reach, and connection to a robust network of founders, tech leaders, investors and partners. A few of our offerings include local events, flagship conferences, startup, partner and investor memberships, and online content  collectively reaching millions of individuals worldwide. Global Conference Learn more Startup Membership Learn more Partner Membership Learn more Partner Offers Learn more Our Blog Learn more Educational Content Learn more Local Events Learn more We were founded in Silicon Valley, but our chapters have reached over 5 million entrepreneurs across 125 countries and counting! Chapters Countries Chapter Team Members Community Members Worldwide We are proud to work with brands who are helping startups. Diversity, equity, inclusion. At Startup Grind, we believe everyone is equal and has a story to share. In fact, this is something we encourage. At HQ, our team shares stories and celebrates personal milestones in our team meetings because we believe that open conversations are the key to unlocking the strength of diverse teams. This allows us to continually practice cultivating and preserving a culture of inclusion that feels safe for everyone. It also inspires us to think differently, and challenge our own assumptions and biases. We embrace open conversations on diversity, equity, and inclusion because they allow our community to evolve and continually move forward. Each year, we host various company-wide initiatives to champion advocacy, amplify diverse perspectives, and increase awareness of our own personal responsibility on the global stage. Recognizing each other as Global Citizens empowers us to think bigger and set the bar higher as we seek to transform our communities. At Startup Grind, our global mindset defines us and informs everything we do. Learn more Startup Grind community members must hold themselves to the highest standards. We recognize that each of us is an ambassador for Startup Grind and reflects the organization and its values in our actions. As part of the Startup Grind global community, we must act justly and respectfully at all times. Those who do not abide by this Code of Conduct may be removed from the Startup Grind community andor organization. The Startup Grind Code of Conduct revolves around our key values Read Subscribe to our newsletter Get our latest news, learn about upcoming events, and access perks and discounts for your startup. Subscribe Partner with us We are proud to work with brands who are helping startups. Learn more

ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS MODIFICATIONS OF TERMS OF USE Amendments to this agreement can be made and effected by us from time to time without specific notice to your end. Agreement posted on the Site reflects the latest agreement and you should carefully review the same before you use our site. USE OF THE SITE The Site allows you to post offers and shop online. However, you are prohibited to do the following acts, to wit a use our sites, including its services and or tools if you are not able to form legally binding contracts, are under the age of 18, or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our sites, services, or tools b posting of an items in inappropriate category or areas on our sites and services c collecting information about users personal information d maneuvering the price of any item or interfere with other users listings f post false, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, or libelous content g take any action that may damage the rating system. Registration Information For you to complete the sign-up process in our site, you must provide your full legal name, current address, a valid email address, member name and any other information needed in order to complete the signup process. You must qualify that you are 18 years or older and must be responsible for keeping your password secure and be responsible for all activities and contents that are uploaded under your account. You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. Any information provided by you or gathered by the site or third parties during any visit to the site shall be subject to the terms of StartupGrind.coms Privacy Policy. Term This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Website. You may terminate your membership at any time for any reason by following the instructions on the TERMINATION OF ACCOUNT in the setting page. We may terminate your membership for any reason at any time. If you are using a paid version of the Service and we terminate your membership in the Service because you have breached this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of unused subscription fees. Even after your membership is terminated, certain sections of this Agreement will remain in effect. Registration Information For you to complete the sign-up process in our site, you must provide your full legal name, current address, a valid email address, member name and any other information needed in order to complete the signup process. You must qualify that you are 18 years or older and must be responsible for keeping your password secure and be responsible for all activities and contents that are uploaded under your account. You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. Any information provided by you or gathered by the site or third parties during any visit to the site shall be subject to the terms of StartupGrind.coms Privacy Policy. Term This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Website. You may terminate your membership at any time for any reason by following the instructions on the TERMINATION OF ACCOUNT in the setting page. We may terminate your membership for any reason at any time. If you are using a paid version of the Service and we terminate your membership in the Service because you have breached this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of unused subscription fees. Even after your membership is terminated, certain sections of this Agreement will remain in effect. NON-COMMERCIAL USE BY MEMBERS. Members on this social networking website are prohibited to use the services of the website in connection with any commercial endeavors or ventures. This includes providing links to other websites, whether deemed competitive to this website or not. Juridical persons or entities including but not limited to organizations, companies, andor businesses may not become Members of StartupGrind.com and should not use the site for any purpose. LINKS  FRAMINGS Illegal andor unauthorized uses of the Services, including unauthorized framing of or linking to the Sites will be investigated, and appropriate legal action may be taken. Some links, however, are welcome to the site and you are allowed to establish hyperlink to appropriate part within the site provided that i you post your link only within the forum, chat or message board section ii you do not remove or obscure any advertisements, copyright notices or other notices on the placed at the site iii the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site and iv you immediately stop providing any links to the site on written notice from us. However, you must check the copyright notice on the homepage to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on our sites. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND EXCLUSIONS  LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY We make no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the Program or any products sold through the Program including, without limitation, warranties of fitness, merchantability, non-infringement, or any implied warranties arising out of a course of performance, dealing, or trade usage. In addition, we make no representation that the operation of our site will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we will not be liable for the consequences of any interruptions or errors. We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinued the site or any part of it at anytime. The information, content and services on the site are provided on an as is basis. When you use the site and or participate therein, you understand and agree that you participate at your own risk. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY rights You hereby acknowledge that all rights, titles and interests, including but not limited to rights covered by the Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the site, and that You will not acquire any right, title, or interest in or to the site except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. You will not modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from any of our services, software, or documentation, or create or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to the Program or proprietary information related thereto. Confidentiality You agree not to disclose information you obtain from us and or from our clients, advertisers, suppliers and forum members. All information submitted to by an end-user customer pursuant to a Program is proprietary information of StartupGrind.com. Such customer information is confidential and may not be disclosed. Publisher agrees not to reproduce, disseminate, sell, distribute or commercially exploit any such proprietary information in any manner. Confidentiality You agree not to disclose information you obtain from us and or from our clients, advertisers, suppliers and forum members. All information submitted to by an end-user customer pursuant to a Program is proprietary information of StartupGrind.com. Such customer information is confidential and may not be disclosed. Publisher agrees not to reproduce, disseminate, sell, distribute or commercially exploit any such proprietary information in any manner. NON-ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS Your rights of whatever nature cannot be assigned nor transferred to anybody, and any such attempt may result in termination of this Agreement, without liability to us. However, we may assign this Agreement to any person at any time without notice. Waiver Failure of the StartupGrind.com to insist upon strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and covenants hereof shall not be deemed a relinquishment or waiver of any rights or remedy that the we may have, nor shall it be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the terms, conditions or covenants hereof, which terms, conditions and covenants shall continue to be in full force and effect. and Severability of Terms. In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found invalid or unenforceable pursuant to any judicial decree or decision, such provision shall be deemed to apply only to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. Entire Agreement This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of California, without any reference to conflict-of-laws principles. The Agreement describes and encompasses the entire agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the contents and materials provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement. Choice of Law Jurisdiction Forum Any dispute, controversy or difference which may arise between the parties out of, in relation to or in connection with this Agreement is hereby irrevocably submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of California, to the exclusion of any other courts without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. Pricing Policy Tickets to events are priced based on demand and as appropriate to the local territory. Pricing is at the complete descretion of Startup Grind and its teams around the world. Once tickets sell out or the sale date expires they are no longer available for purchase. Promotional codes are subject to expiration dates which also make them no longer available. When a ticket is purchased, users will get an email with a link to download tickets if desired. Refund Policy There are no refunds to event tickets but do give a 12 month credit to a future event for that Chapter or equal or lesser ticket value as long as you let the local Chapter Director know via email before the event begins. In the rare circumstance that an event is cancelled we automatically issue full refunds.

