Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition NYU Tandons Sustainable Energy Transitions group aims to bridge laboratory innovation and large-scale implementation, exploring scenarios like decarbonizing aviation, which presents a particularly challenging sector due to its unique energy demands and stringent constraints on weight and power. This sponsored article is brought to you by NYU Tandon School of Engineering. As the world grapples with the urgent need to transition to cleaner energy systems, a growing number of researchers are delving into the design and optimization of emerging technologies. At the forefront of this effort is Dharik Mallapragada, Assistant Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering at NYU Tandon. Mallapragada is dedicated to understanding how new energy technologies integrate into an evolving energy landscape, shedding light on the intricate interplay between innovation, scalability, and real-world implementation. Mallapragadas Sustainable Energy Transitions group is interested in developing mathematical modeling approaches to analyze low-carbon technologies and their energy system integration under different policy and geographical contexts. The groups research aims to create the knowledge and analytical tools necessary to support accelerated energy transitions in developed economies like the U.S. as well as emerging market and developing economy countries in the global south that are central to global climate mitigation efforts. Our group focuses on designing and optimizing emerging energy technologies, ensuring they fit seamlessly into rapidly evolving energy systems, Mallapragada says. His team uses sophisticated simulation and modeling tools to address a dual challenge scaling scientific discoveries from the lab while adapting to the dynamic realities of modern energy grids. Energy systems are not static, he emphasized. What might be an ideal design target today could shift tomorrow. Our goal is to provide stakeholderswhether policymakers, venture capitalists, or industry leaderswith actionable insights that guide both research and policy development. Dharik Mallapragada is an Assistant Professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering at NYU Tandon. Mallapragadas research often uses case studies to illustrate the challenges of integrating new technologies. One prominent example is hydrogen production via water electrolysisa process that promises low-carbon hydrogen but comes with a unique set of hurdles. For electrolysis to produce low-carbon hydrogen, the electricity used must be clean, he explained. This raises questions about the demand for clean electricity and its impact on grid decarbonization. Does this new demand accelerate or hinder our ability to decarbonize the grid? Additionally, at the equipment level, challenges abound. Electrolyzers that can operate flexibly, to utilize intermittent renewables like wind and solar, often rely on precious metals like iridium, which are not only expensive but also are produced in small amounts currently. Scaling these systems to meet global decarbonization goals could require substantially expanding material supply chains. We examine the supply chains of new processes to evaluate how precious metal usage and other performance parameters affect prospects for scaling in the coming decades, Mallapragada said. This analysis translates into tangible targets for researchers, guiding the development of alternative technologies that balance efficiency, scalability, and resource availability. Unlike colleagues who develop new catalysts or materials, Mallapragada focuses on decision-support frameworks that bridge laboratory innovation and large-scale implementation. Our modeling helps identify early-stage constraints, whether they stem from material supply chains or production costs, that could hinder scalability, he said. For instance, if a new catalyst performs well but relies on rare materials, his team evaluates its viability from both cost and sustainability perspectives. This approach informs researchers about where to direct their effortsbe it improving selectivity, reducing energy consumption, or minimizing resource dependency. Aviation presents a particularly challenging sector for decarbonization due to its unique energy demands and stringent constraints on weight and power. The energy required for takeoff, coupled with the need for long-distance flight capabilities, demands a highly energy-dense fuel that minimizes volume and weight. Currently, this is achieved using gas turbines powered by traditional aviation liquid fuels. The energy required for takeoff sets a minimum power requirement, he noted, emphasizing the technical hurdles of designing propulsion systems that meet these demands while reducing carbon emissions. Mallapragada highlights two primary decarbonization strategies the use of renewable liquid fuels, such as those derived from biomass, and electrification, which can be implemented through battery-powered systems or hydrogen fuel. While electrification has garnered significant interest, it remains in its infancy for aviation applications. Hydrogen, with its high energy per mass, holds promise as a cleaner alternative. However, substantial challenges exist in both the storage of hydrogen and the development of the necessary propulsion technologies. Mallapragadas research examined specific power required to achieve zero payload reduction and Payload reduction required to meet variable target fuel cell-specific power, among other factors. Hydrogen stands out due to its energy density by mass, making it an attractive option for weight-sensitive applications like aviation. However, storing hydrogen efficiently on an aircraft requires either liquefaction, which demands extreme cooling to -253C, or high-pressure containment, which necessitates robust and heavy storage systems. These storage challenges, coupled with the need for advanced fuel cells with high specific power densities, pose significant barriers to scaling hydrogen-powered aviation. Mallapragadas research on hydrogen use for aviation focused on the performance requirements of on-board storage and fuel cell systems for flights of 1000 nmi or less e.g. New York to Chicago, which represent a smaller but meaningful segment of the aviation industry. The research identified the need for advances in hydrogen storage systems and fuel cells to ensure payload capacities remain unaffected. Current technologies for these systems would necessitate payload reductions, leading to more frequent flights and increased costs. Energy systems are not static. What might be an ideal design target today could shift tomorrow. Our goal is to provide stakeholderswhether policymakers, venture capitalists, or industry leaderswith actionable insights that guide both research and policy development. Dharik Mallapragada, NYU Tandon A pivotal consideration in adopting hydrogen for aviation is the upstream impact on hydrogen production. The incremental demand from regional aviation could significantly increase the total hydrogen required in a decarbonized economy. Producing this hydrogen, particularly through electrolysis powered by renewable energy, would place additional demands on energy grids and necessitate further infrastructure expansion. Mallapragadas analysis explores how this demand interacts with broader hydrogen adoption in other sectors, considering the need for carbon capture technologies and the implications for the overall cost of hydrogen production. This systemic perspective underscores the complexity of integrating hydrogen into the aviation sector while maintaining broader decarbonization goals. Mallapragadas work underscores the importance of collaboration across disciplines and sectors. From identifying technological bottlenecks to shaping policy incentives, his teams research serves as a critical bridge between scientific discovery and societal transformation. As the global energy system evolves, researchers like Mallapragada are illuminating the path forwardhelping ensure that innovation is not only possible but practical. Michael W. Richardson is a writer at NYU Tandon School of Engineering.

The 2 million honor recognizes his work in broadband technology At Ford, combustion engine experts used to be rock stars. Not anymore Big data and AI specialist roles are expanding rapidly Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods The courses cover chip design and fabrication plus edge computing The first Black woman with a science Ph.D paved the way for underrepresented groups The new strategic goals bolster IEEEs long-standing mission A look back at his career on what would have been his 70th birthday He helps Facebook users discover content that matches their interests IEEE remembers the lives of members who passed away in 2024 Johnny Austin thinks curious engineers can succeed on the business side He was cofounder and director of Tufts Gordon Institute Tech leaders also ranked cloud computing and robotics as most important AI insights have improved pricing and inventory Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition The program provides microcredentials for completing learning experiences The latest developments in aviation, satellites, astrophysics, space flight, and space exploration The latest advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning, generative AI, ChatGPT, LLMs, deepfakes, and more The latest developments in biomedical devices, prosthetics, imaging, and diagnostics The latest developments in renewables, carbon capture, emissions monitoring, geoengineering, and electrifying everything The latest developments in embedded systems, hardware, software, quantum computers, and IT The latest developments in gadgets, gaming, smart phones, virtual reality, and audiovideo The latest developments in power generation, batteries, renewables, smart grid, and nuclear energy A look back at key moments in the history of cyberspace, electronics, and the space age The latest developments in consumer robots, humanoids, drones, and automation The latest developments in processors, memory, nanotechnology, optoelectronics, and integrated circuit design and materials The latest developments in computer vision, lidar, chemical sensors, and remote sensing The latest developments in wireless networks, Internet standards, 5G, IoT, security, and information theory The latest developments in electric vehicles, advanced aircraft, and self-driving cars Reviews, hands-on projects, and the latest on the maker movement from Spectrums DIY editor Stephen Cass Profiles and interviews with engineers, tech industry news, and the latest trends on the job market The latest news about IEEE, its members, tech history, and new offerings

It highlights the role engineers play in fostering sustainability Did Intels great leap end in a splat? Did solar geoengineering take off? Study finds methane rises in small ponds, but adverse impacts are easy to mitigate Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods Startup secures 16 million to deploy PFAS-busting tech for wastewater A new solvent can dissolve perovskite photovoltaics with 99 percent efficiency SoCal Edison has been testing fault neutralizers for years Trump admins funding freeze includes a 1.8B loan for Hydrostors California project The first mass-produced hybrid EV is an IEEE milestone The process requires no external power to produce the green energy fuel Westinghouse and Radiant are developing some of the worlds smallest reactors They also discussed policy and citizen engagement Anybodys airplane, robotaxi rides, Moores Law machines, and more Chinas demo reactor could breed nuclear fuel from rare earth waste Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition These companies are trying to make the oceans a better carbon sink Power beaming, nuclear fusion, and powerful geothermal drilling topped readers favorites

Today IEEE has more than 400,000 members worldwide There are 160 countries worldwide with IEEE members IEEE sponsors more than 1,900 annual conferences and events worldwide IEEE sponsors more than 1,900 annual conferences and events worldwide IEEE Members have won 21 Nobel Prizes IEEE Members filed 143,349 patents last year Startup founders and innovators who are members of the IEEE Entrepreneurship group

Nokias 4G cellular network will be a game-changer for lunar missions The election begins on 15 August The 2 million honor recognizes his work in broadband technology It highlights the role engineers play in fostering sustainability Our new strategic plan emphasizes collaboration and aims to boost members careers

The Space Launch System is facing fresh calls for cancellation, but it still has a key role to play in NASAs return to the moon. MIT Technology Reviews Whats Next series looks across industries, trends, and technologies to give you a first look at the future. You can read the rest of them here. NASAs huge lunar rocket, the Space Launch System SLS, might be in trouble. As rival launchers like SpaceXs Starship gather pace, some are questioning the need for the US national space agency to have its own mega-rocket at allsomething that could become a focus of the incoming Trump administration, in which SpaceX CEO Elon Musk is set to play a key role. Its absolutely in Elon Musks interest to convince the government to cancel SLS, says Laura Forczyk of the US space consulting firm Astralytical. However, its not up to him. SLS has been in development for more than a decade. The rocket is huge322 feet 98 meters talland about 15 more powerful than the Saturn V rocket that took the Apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 70s. It is also expensive, costing an estimated 4.1 billion per launch. It was designed with a clear purposereturning astronauts to the moons surface. Built to launch NASAs human-carrying Orion spacecraft, the rocket is a key part of the agencys Artemis program to go back to the moon, started by the previous Trump administration in 2019. It has an important role to play, says Daniel Dumbacher, formerly a deputy associate administrator at NASA and part of the team that selected SLS for development in 2010. The logic for SLS still holds up. When it comes to exploring the solar system, we must grapple with the hard limits of physics. The rocket has launched once already on the Artemis I mission in 2022, a test flight that sent an uncrewed Orion spacecraft around the moon. Its next flight, Artemis II, earmarked for September 2025, will be the same flight but with a four-person crew. The first lunar landing, Artemis III, is currently set for September 2026. SLS could launch missions to other destinations too. At one stage NASA intended to launch its Europa Clipper spacecraft to Jupiters moon Europa using SLS, but cost and delays changed that plan. The mission launched instead on a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket in October this year. SLS has also been touted as a way to launch parts of NASAs new lunar space station, Gateway, beginning in 2028. The station is currently in development. NASAs plan to return to the moon involves using SLS to launch astronauts to lunar orbit on Orion, where they will rendezvous with a separate lander to descend to the surface. At the moment that lander will be SpaceXs Starship vehicle, a huge reusable shuttle intended to launch and land multiple times. Musk wants this rocket to one day take humans to Mars. Starship is currently undergoing testing. Last month, it completed a stunning flight in which the lower half of the rocket, the Super Heavy booster, was caught by SpaceXs chopstick launch tower in Boca Chica, Texas. The rocket is ultimately more powerful than SLS and designed to be entirely reusable, whereas NASAs rocket is discarded into the ocean after each launch. The success of Starship and the development of other large commercial rockets, such as the Jeff Bezos-owned firm Blue Origins New Glenn, has raised questions about the need for SLS. In October, billionaire Michael Bloomberg called the rocket a colossal waste of taxpayer money. In November, journalist Eric Berger said there was at least a 50-50 chance the rocket would be canceled. I think it would be the right call, says Abhishek Tripathi, a former mission director at SpaceX who is now at the University of California, Berkeley. Its hard to point to SLS as being necessary. The calculations are not straightforward, however. Dumbacher notes that while SpaceX is making great progress on Starship, there is much yet to do. The rocket will need to launch up to 18 times to transfer fuel to a single lunar Starship in Earth orbit that can then make the journey to the moon. The first test of this fuel transfer is expected next year. SLS, conversely, can send Orion to the moon in a single launch. That means the case for SLS is only diminished if the price of 18 Starship launches is less than an SLS launch, says Dumbacher. SpaceX was awarded 2.9 billion by NASA in 2021 for the first Starship mission to the moon on Artemis III, but the exact cost per launch is unknown. NASA is also already developing hardware for future SLS launches. All elements for the second SLS for Artemis II have been delivered, a NASA spokesperson said in response to emailed questions, adding that SLS also has hardware in production for Artemis III, IV, and V. SLS can deliver more payload to the moon, in a single launch, than any other rocket, NASA said. The rocket is needed and designed to meet the agencys lunar transportation requirements. Dumbacher points out that if the US wants to return to the moon before China sends humans there, which the nation has said it would do by 2030, canceling SLS could be a setback. Now is not the time to have a major relook at whats the best rocket, he says. Every minute we delay, we are setting ourselves up for a situation where China will be putting people on the moon first. President-elect Donald Trump has given Musk a role in his incoming administration to slash public spending as part of an advisory commission called the Department of Government Efficiency. While the exact remit of this initiative is not yet clear, projects like SLS could be up for scrutiny. Canceling SLS, however, would require support from Congress, where Republicans will have only a slim majority. SLS has been bipartisan and very popular, says Forczyk, meaning it might be difficult to take any immediate action. Money given to SLS is a benefit to taxpayers and voters in key congressional districts where development of the rocket takes place, says Forczyk. We do not know how much influence Elon Musk will have. It seems likely the rocket will at least launch Artemis II next September, but beyond that there is more uncertainty. The most logical course of action in my mind is to cancel SLS after Artemis III, says Forczyk. Such a scenario could have a broad impact on NASA that reaches beyond just SLS. Scrapping the rocket could bring up wider discussions about NASAs overall budget, currently set at 25.4 billion, the highest-funded space agency in the world. That money is used for a variety of science including astrophysics, astronomy, climate studies, and the exploration of the solar system. If you cancel SLS, youre also canceling the broad support for NASAs budget at its current level, says Tripathi. Once that budget gets slashed, its hard to imagine itll ever grow back to present levels. Be careful what you wish for. Sea-based launches are hitting their stride. That could lead to a lot more space missions with a lot less red tape. The radiation-hardened technology will get its first test in an upcoming mission to the lunar south pole. Building such facilities off Earth could have a lot of benefits. Early projects are underway. Featuring the worlds largest digital camera, the Vera C. Rubin Observatory will capture these mysterious phenomena in more exquisite detail than ever before. Discover special offers, top stories, upcoming events, and more. Thank you for submitting your email! It looks like something went wrong. Were having trouble saving your preferences. Try refreshing this page and updating them one more time. If you continue to get this message, reach out to us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com with a list of newsletters youd like to receive.  2025 MIT Technology Review

This issue explores the many ways technology is transforming our relationships, from the AI chatbot revolution thats changing how we connect with one another to the increasing power imbalance in the workplace thats happening as monitoring increases and protections fall far behind. Plus animating ancient animals, lab-grown spandex, and adventures in the genetic time machine. Chatbots are rapidly changing how we connect to each otherand ourselves. Were never going back. Ancient DNA is telling us more and more about humans and environments long past. Could it also help rescue the future? Monitoring technology is increasing the power imbalance between companies and workers. Protections lag far behind. Frozen embryos are filling storage banks around the world. Its a struggle to know what to do with them. In her new book, Second Life, journalist and culture critic Amanda Hess scrutinizes period-tracking apps, targeted ads, and birth myths that spread online. Good Fibes wants to take the plastics out of elastics. The small Danish city of Odense has become known for collaborative robots. First responders must learn a new playbook to deal with blazes from lithium-ion batteries. As researchers and governments consider the therapeutic uses of psychedelics, Scott Marshall stands ready to supply them. The technology, which can dramatically improve access to medicine, has already proved itself. Americas policies are lagging behind. For artist Sougwen Chung, AI is an opportunity to embrace uncertainty. A look back at the Office of Technology Assessment, the Congressional think tank that detected lies and tested tech. Three books examine our complex and often fraught relationship with robots, AI, and automation. The field of paleo-inspired robotics is opening up a new way to turn back time and studying prehistoric animals. Imagining the not-too-distant future of human-robot intimacy Can customer service help when your robots emotional connectivity is on the fritz? MIT Technology Reviews highly subjective take on the latest buzz about AI.  2025 MIT Technology Review

Privacy We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect, use, and share information we obtain through your use of the sites, RSS feeds, newsletters, applications, application programming interfaces APIs, and services herein, Services that are operated by or controlled by MIT Technology Review, including without limitation MIT Technology Review, MIT Enterprise Forum, and EmTech collectively, MIT Technology Review, we, us, or our. MIT Technology Review is an independent media company owned by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT. This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us, write to us, or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services. Because the Internet is global, information about you that we collect or that you submit, in each case in connection with your use of the Services, may be transferred to, processed in, and held in countries including the United States other than the one in which you reside. By using the Services, you explicitly consent to such use of your information and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. MIT Technology Review may collect two 2 types of information about you Personal and Non-Personal. The Personal Information practices set forth apply to all MIT Technology Reviews customers worldwide. If you identify any User Information as public, you are authorizing us to share such information publicly. For example, you may elect to make certain Shared Information such as your alias, bio, e- mail or photos publicly available. Also, there may be areas of the Services e.g., message boards, discussion rooms, and other digital forums in which you are able to post information that will be available to all other users of the Services. By choosing to use these areas, you understand and agree that anyone may access, use, and disclose any information that you post to them. We are not responsible for the use or misuse by others of any such information. We may from time to time offer certain location- or pinpoint-based services with our applications such as GPS-assisted navigation instruction, wireless tower location, triangulation, or other available location technologies. If you elect to use such location-based services, we must periodically receive your location in order to provide the services to you. By using the applications location-based services, you authorize us to a locate your hardware b record, compile, and display your location and c publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications e.g., settings, user preferences. As part of the applications, we may also collect and store certain information about our users, such as users wireless mobile subscriber ISDN andor IMEI numbers as applicable and users network access identifier information. This information will be used to provide you with the services accessed through our applications. We may use third-party providers to help provide services through mobile systems, and such providers may use the information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. MIT Technology Review continually strives to implement new technologies and processes to better protect you, your privacy, and your use of the MIT Technology Review Network. As a result, changes to this Privacy Policy may be made by MIT Technology Review from time to time. In no event will these changes result in the degradation of any of the security measures designed to protect you from unauthorized disclosure, as such measures are described in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to access, review, update, rectify, or delete any Personal Information we hold about you, or exercise any other data subject right available to you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR, you can either fill out this contact form, or email us at privacytechnologyreview.com. Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible. We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their childrens online activities and interests. The Services are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and we do not market the Services to children under the age of 13. This Privacy Policy applies only to the MIT Technology Review Services. These Services may contain links to other services and websites not operated or controlled by MIT Technology Review the Third-Party Services. This may include other websites operated by employees of MIT. The policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to the Third-Party Services. The links from this Service do not imply that MIT Technology Review endorses or has reviewed the Third-Party Services. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. Your access to and use of these Services are subject to the Terms of Service. Our Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for MIT Technology Review to make changes to this Privacy Policy. MIT Technology Review reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide additional Personal Information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below. Your continued use of the Service after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. We do not represent or warrant that the Services, or any part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Services do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations. We may limit the Services availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and at our sole discretion. By using the Services and submitting any Personal Information, you consent to the transfer of Personal Information to other countries, such as the United States, which may provide a different level of data security from your country of residence. Our Services are intended for and directed to users in the United States. If you are accessing our Services from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of our Services, which are governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Service, you are transferring your Personal Information to the United States and you consent to that transfer. MIT alumni may have access to special Services within MIT Technology Reviews overarching Services. MIT alumni may link their MIT Alumni Association Infinite Connection account to their MIT Technology Review User Account. This connection is a one-way authentication MIT Technology Review receives baseline contact information e.g., status, e-mail address, name from the MIT Alumni Association. During this linkage, the MIT Alumni Association does not receive contact information from MIT Technology Review. MIT Technology Review handles the information of MIT alumni in accordance with the policies defined within this document. To keep your Personal Information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Information in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Service. Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about MIT Technology Reviews Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You may contact us as followsMIT Technology Review196 Broadway, 3rd FloorCambridge, MA 02139privacytechnologyreview.comT 617.475.8000 Last updated March 1, 2022  2025 MIT Technology Review

For 73, I bought genetically modified tomato seeds and a glowing petunia. This spring I am looking forward to growing some biotech in my backyard for the first time. Its possible because of startups that have started selling genetically engineered plants directly to consumers, including a bright-purple tomato and a petunia that glows in the dark. This week, for 73, I ordered both by pressing a few buttons online. Biotech seeds have been a huge business for a while. In fact, by sheer mass, GMOs are probably the single most significant product of genetic engineering ever. Except most of us arent planting rows of cotton or corn that can resist worms or survive a spritz of RoundUp, the big gene-splicing innovations that companies like Monsanto and Pioneer Hi-Bred first introduced in the 1990s. What makes these new plants different is that you can buy them directly from their creators and then plant them in the yard, on a balcony, or just in a pot. Starting off my biotech shopping spree, I first spent 20 to order 10 tomato seeds from Norfolk Health Produce, a small company in Davis, California, that created what it calls the Purple Tomato. The seeds have a gene introduced from a snapdragon flower, which adds a nutrient, anthocyanin, that also gives the fruits their striking color. According to Channa S. Prakash, a geneticist and dean at Tuskegee University, the tomato is the the first-of-its kind GMO food crop marketed directly to home gardeners. The CEO of the company, Nathan Pumplin, was packing seeds when I reached him by phone. He claimed that anthocyanin has health benefitsits an antioxidantbut he agreed that the color is a useful sales pitch. I dont need to make a label that says this red tomato is better for you than the other red tomato, says Pumplin. We can simply put out the purple tomato, and people say, Oh my gosh, this tomato is purple. Its beauty is a distinguishing characteristic that people can just immediately see and understand. There is a plan to mass-produce the purple tomatoes for sale in supermarkets. But Pumplin says the company couldnt ignore thousands of requests from regular gardeners. Its not the main focus of our business, but we are very interested in having people grow these at home, he says. And if home gardeners want to save the seed and replant it in their gardens for their own use, that is okay. I next decided to shell out for the firefly petunia, so called because the plant is supposed to glow in the dark. Its sold by Light Bio, a startup backed by the venture capital firm NFX . The plant is such a novelty that its being sold in a preorder, with promises they will arrive by May. One petunia plant costs 29 plus 24 for shipping. The companys marketing promises that your plant will unveil mesmerizing luminescence after dusk and that its soothing light is produced from living energy, cultivating a deeper connection with the inner life of the plant. Finally, Your nurturing care will be rewarded with even greater brilliance. It joins a short list of ornamental plants with gene modifications. Another is an orange petunia, approved in the US in 2021, that got its unusual color from a corn gene. When some copies got loose prior to approval, officials in the US and Europe demanded its eradication in what became known as the petunia carnage. Karen Sarkisyan, a synthetic biologist at the MRC Laboratory of Medical Sciences in the UK, is one of the petunias creators, and also the chief scientist of Light Bio. His lab is interested in using bioluminescence as a reporter systema plant could reveal, for instance, how it responds to a toxin or viral infection in lab experiments. Gene editing insects could help reduce reliance on pesticidesand help protect billion-dollar industries. In general, were trying to make useful things, so this is more of an exception, he says of the firefly petunia. The motivation was more about merging biology and art, rather than utility. Like a lot of things in biotech, making a glowing petunia was not easy to doits the seemingly sudden result of decades of research into the chemistry that permits certain plants and animals to glow faintly. Imposing those genetic circuits on plants did not work too well at first. Several years ago, for instance, a Kickstarter project that raised nearly 500,000 to make glowing roses failed to deliver on its promises after the project proved too difficult. It was fairly obvious  that there was no good technology at that time, says Sarkisyan, who later played a role in discovering genes from a glowing fungus which, after being added to a petunia, made it shine brightly enough to work as a novelty item. That work continues. Sarkisyan says the company is working on increasing the brightness and making more colors. Its also working on making other types of plants glow, although which ones remain a secret. I cannot really comment on specific species were working on, he says, although he did show me a photo of a spectacular glowing chrysanthemum. Sarkisyan told me he sometimes likes to relax among the glowing plants and have a meditative experience. Ironically, he can only do that in the lab and not at home, since he lives in the UK. The country, which takes a stricter view on GMOs, has not approved the plants for sale neither has Europe. But he thinks the petunia could win over critics. Especially with all the talk and concerns about the GM stuff, this is the first time there can be a safe, friendly, pleasant GM house plant in every home, he says. We think its a very interesting project because it is one of the first in consumer biotech. I do think we will see more and more in the future. My tomato seeds and glowing petunia havent arrived in the mail yet, and theres still snow where I am. But come spring, I hope to be putting my first biotech crop in the ground. The company is making a foray into scientific discovery with an AI built to help manufacture stem cells. Frozen embryos are filling storage banks around the world. Its a struggle to know what to do with them. Its a new way to create bi-paternal mice that can survive to adulthoodbut human applications are still a long way off. More volunteers will get Elon Musks brain implant, but dont expect a product soon. Discover special offers, top stories, upcoming events, and more. Thank you for submitting your email! It looks like something went wrong. Were having trouble saving your preferences. Try refreshing this page and updating them one more time. If you continue to get this message, reach out to us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com with a list of newsletters youd like to receive.  2025 MIT Technology Review

Google didnt mention any changes to haptics prior to the Pixel Drop. Google released its scheduled March Pixel Drop earlier this week, adding AI scam detection, multi-camera streaming, andpossiblybuggy haptics. Pixel owners have been grumbling about the feel of vibrations, which have been described as springy and hollow. Others say the haptics have gotten distractingly harsh in some places. Android devices have long trailed Apple when it comes to haptic feedbackthe latters Taptic Engine generally puts other phones to shame with its power and precision. However, Google has made great progress with Pixel phones. It occasionally gloats about how much Pixel haptics have improved. It would seem that this attention to detail is not born out in the latest update, though. Some of this confusion may be down to the addition of notification cooldown, a feature that was previously only in the Android 16 beta. This opt-out feature aims to reduce the annoyance of receiving multiple notifications in quick succession. The first ping you get in a two-minute period will be normal, but if you get another within a few seconds, it will have lower volume and vibration intensity. It tapers off until notifications dont make any additional fuss. You can still find all those notifications in their usual home in the drop-down shade. The unexpected appearance of notification cooldown, along with smaller changes to haptics globally, could be responsible for the complaints. Maybe this is working as intended and Pixel owners are just caught off guard or maybe Google broke something. It wouldnt be the first time. In 2022, Google released an update that weakened haptic feedback on the Pixel 6, making it so soft that people were missing calls. Google released a fix for the problem a few weeks later. If theres something wrong with the new Pixel Drop, its a more subtle problem. People cant even necessarily explain how its different, but most seem to agree that it is. After testing several Pixel phones both before and after the update, there may be some truth to the complaints. The length and intensity of haptic notification feedback feel different on a Pixel 9 Pro XL post-update, but our Pixel 9 Pro feels the same after installing the Pixel Drop. The different models may simply have been tuned differently in the update, or there could be a bug involved. Weve reached out to Google to ask about this possible issue and have been told the Pixel team is actively investigating the reports. Updated on 372025 with comment from Google. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

Select the newsletters youd like to subscribe to below and enter your email address. Your email will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Select the newsletters youd like to subscribe to below and enter your email address. Your email will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

Phase I study showed vaccine was safe and spurred immune responses in older people. In an early clinical trial, an experimental norovirus vaccine given as a pill produced defensive responses exactly where it countsin the saliva of older people most vulnerable to the explosive stomach bug. The results, published this week in Science Translational Medicine, are another step in the long effort to thwart the gruesome germ, which finds a way to violently hollow out innards wherever people gofrom restaurants to natural wonders and even the high seas. Its a robust, extremely infectious virus that spreads via the nauseating fecal-oral route. Infected people spew billions of virus particles in their vomit and diarrhea, and shedding can last weeks. The particles arent easily killed by hand sanitizers and can linger on surfaces for up to two weeks. Exposure to as few as 10 virus particles can spark an infection. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, norovirus causes an average of between 19 and 21 million cases of acute gastroenteritis in the US every year, leading to 109,000 hospitalizations and 900 deaths. This racks up an economic burden estimated to be 2 billion to 10.6 billion. For most, the gut-busting bug is miserable but usually over in a few days. But older peopleespecially those with underlying medical conditionsare vulnerable to severe outcomes. About 90 percent of people who die from a norovirus infection are people age 65 or older who live in long-term care facilities. For this reason, researchers have aimed to design a vaccine thats sure to be effective in older people, who typically have weaker immune responses just from the aging process. But, of course, this makes the already daunting task of developing a vaccine yet harderand norovirus poses some specific challenges. For one, there arent a lot of good laboratory models and animal systems to run norovirus experiments or test candidate drugs. For example, healthy mice infected with a mouse version of norovirus dont develop any symptoms lucky critters. Then theres the fact that norovirus isnt one virus its many. There are 49 different genotypes of norovirus, which have been categorized into 10 genogroups. Its unclear if protection against one genotype or genogroup will help protect against the others, and if so, by how much. Currently, there are several norovirus vaccines in the works, at various stages with various designs. The one published this week is being developed by a San Francisco-based company called Vaxart and uses a proprietary oral delivery system. The pill includes a deactivated virus particle an adenovirus, which cant replicate in people but can deliver the genetic blueprints of two molecules into cells lining our intestines. One of the genetic blueprints it delivers tells the intestinal cells how to manufacture a protein found on the outside of norovirus particles, called VP.1. Once manufactured in the intestines, VP.1 can train the immune system to identify invading norovirus particles and attack them. The other genetic code included in the vaccine is for whats called an adjuvant, which is basically a booster molecule that helps rev up immune responses. While several other vaccines in the works are delivered by injections, producing systemic responses, the idea of the pill is to build up immune responses to norovirus directly where it invades and attacksthe mucosal lining of the digestive tract, including the mouth and intestines. There is some preliminary data suggesting that having antibodies against norovirus in saliva correlates with protection from the virus. Vaxart has previously published Phase I trial data showing that its pill is safe and well-tolerated in healthy adults ages 18 to 49. The study, published in 2018, also indicated that the pill generated substantial systemic and mucosal antibodies against norovirus. For the new study, Vaxart did a repeat Phase I trial with 65 older peopleages 55 to 80, broken into groups of 55 to 65, and 66 to 80. The participants were randomly assigned to get either a placebo 22 or a low 16, medium 16, or high 11 dose of the vaccine VXA-G1.1-NN, which targets one genotype of norovirus. Again, the vaccine was safe and well-tolerated. There were no serious side effects. The most common side effects were headache and fatigue, which were reported at about the same rates among the placebo and vaccinated groups. Further, detailed examination of the participants immune responses showed not only systemic response, but responses in distant mucus membranes. In the blood, two types of antibodies IgA and IgG increased by several fold after vaccination compared with the placebo group. The group with the largest responses was the one that received the high dose. A test that acts as a surrogate for neutralizing antibody responses to norovirus indicated that the antibodies spurred by the vaccine could block the virus. Additional tests found that cellular immune responses were also activated and that the systemic responses result in protection in places far from the intestinesnamely the mouth and nose. Saliva tests and nasal swabs found significant jumps in secreted IgA against norovirus. Immune responses were strongest in the first two months after vaccination and diminished over time, but some persisted for nearly seven months. When the scientists looked at differences between the two age groups 5565 and 6580, they didnt see significant differences, suggesting the vaccine was equally effective in the older group. Overall, the scientists at Vaxart concluded that the vaccine has the potential to inhibit infection, viral shedding, and transmission. Overall, VXA-G1.1-NN administration in older adults led to robust and durable immunogenicity detected both in circulation and multiple mucosal sites, an exciting outcome considering that diminished cellular and mucosal immunity are typical in older populations, they wrote. The outlook isnt entirely rosy, thoughthere is some bad news. While immune responses rose in statistically significant measures during this small early-stage trial, its unclear if that equates to real-life protection. And theres some good reason to be wary. In 2023, Vaxart released results of a challenge study, in which 141 brave souls 76 vaccinated and 65 given a placebo were deliberately exposed to norovirus to see if the vaccine was protective. The results were weak 53 placebo-group members 81.5 percent became infected with norovirus, as determined by a PCR test looking for genetic evidence of the virus in their stooland so did 76 vaccinated people 60 percent. That worked out to the vaccine offering only a 29 percent lower relative risk of getting infected. Looking at whether infected people developed symptoms of acute gastroenteritis, the vaccine had a protective efficacy of about 21 percent 34 vaccinated people 48 percent versus 37 placebo-group members 57 percent developed symptoms. While the study was a disappointment, Vaxart wasnt ready to give up, arguing that the challenge study used large-dose exposures that people wouldnt encounter in the real world. We use lots of copies of virus to ensure a high infection rate. In nature, 10 to 15 copies of virus is generally enough to give certain susceptible individuals disease, James Cummings, chief medical officer at Vaxart, said in an investor call reported by Fierce Biotech at the time. Field efficacy generally goes up, because the amount of inoculum that is causing disease that will be seen in the field is far lower than what is seen in the challenge study. My projection is that we would see an improvement in the decrease of acute gastroenteritis with our vaccine. Even a slight boost in efficacy could make the vaccine seem worthwhile. A 2012 modeling study suggested that even a vaccine with 50 percent efficacy could avert up to 2.2 million cases and save up to 2 billion over four years. For now, well have to wait to see what future trial data shows. And Vaxarts vaccine isnt the only one in the pipeline, nor is it the furthest along. Moderna has a norovirus vaccine in a Phase 3 trial, which is a larger study that will look at efficacy. But, while the trial is just beginning, Moderna noted in a financial update in February that the trial has been put on hold by the Food and Drug Administration due to a possible neurological side effect in one participant. The trial is currently on FDA clinical hold following a single adverse event report of a case of Guillain-Barré syndrome, which is currently under investigation, Moderna reported. The Company does not expect an impact on the studys efficacy readout timeline as enrollment in the Northern Hemisphere has already been completed. The timing of the Phase 3 readout will be dependent on case accruals. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

A taxi service that only operates in good weather isnt a good taxi service. Theres a reason that the suburbs of Phoenix, Arizona, were home to many autonomous vehicle programs Driving on wide streets in great weather is easy mode for an AV. But a commercial robotaxi service that only works when the sun is shining is a commercial robotaxi service that will never recoup the billions it would cost to develop. Thats why MoiaVolkswagens AV divisionhas begun testing its autonomous ID Buzzes around the streets of Oslo, Norway, this winter. For a while, autonomous driving was the hottest thing in tech. That hype has certainly calmed down a lot over the last few years as reality began to bite. Developing an AV that can safely drive around unpredictable humans turned out to be pretty hard, with myriad edge cases needing to be solved differently for each new city. Startups have shut down, winnowing the field. Uber gave its AV program to Aurora, together with a rather fat investment check Aurora these days is concentrating on autonomous trucking rather than robotaxis on busy city streets. VW, together with Ford, gave up on Argo AI. And General Motors killed off Cruise AV, seeing no way to make back the large pile of money it had already spent trying to make robotaxis work in San Francisco. Waymo is still making headwaylast week, I saw one of its I-Paces doing its thing with a safety driver behind the wheel here in Washington, DC, no less. Tesla claims it will start operating a commercial service in Austin, Texas, this year, which seems risible in light of that companys history of missed timelines and lax approach to public safety. And Moia is still gathering miles in Austin, as well as in Hamburg and Munich in Germany. And now Oslo. Users of mobility services expect a comfortable, reliable, and safe mode of transportregardless of the season and weather conditions. This remains especially true in the autonomous age, said Sascha Meyer, Moias CEO. To ensure that people worldwide can reliably experience our autonomous vehicles, we are making the technology winter-proof. The ability to drive safely under extreme weather conditions is a fundamental prerequisite for the long-term economic success of our offering in Europe and North America. Moia wants to deploy a commercial robotaxi service in Hamburg next year. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

