If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation. The Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island is one of the areas newest optionsit might also be one of its most impressive. Felix StudiosCourtesy of Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island As my plane descended towards Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island during a late November trip, it was hard not to feel as if I were entering paradise. The property is Hiltons latest addition to its luxury Waldorf Astoria collection and is nestled on Platte Island, a small, remote islet located about 80 miles south of Mahé, the largest of the Seychelles. The hotel made its debut in January 2024 with 50 private villas, personalized concierge services, and beach-inspired design. And since its location is fairly secluded, the propertys lagoon and coral reefs offer an exciting opportunity for visitors to spot migratory birds and turtles. Felix StudiosCourtesy of Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island Upon check-in, I was quickly introduced to Angel, my concierge for my stay, who zipped me away to my villa on a golf buggy. Every day, she would check in on Whatsapp, and she emphasized that she was always one text away. As a fun bonus, Angel and the staff also notified guests when there were tortoise sightingsnests are dotted across the island. Despite the luxury and pampering the resort has to offer, the true highlight of Platte Island is the Indian Ocean itself. One morning, I joined the resorts general manager, Elias, and the on-site marine biologist for a wildlife walk around the island. Under the soft light of the sunrise, we spotted baby reef sharks, eagle rays, and ghost crabs in the shallow water. Felix StudiosCourtesy of Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island Evenings are equally enchanting on the property. Guests can enjoy stunning sunset views over the Indian Ocean, moutya dance performances by the staff, and dinner at one of the propertys three restaurants. For me, my favorite was Moulin, the hotels cooking school by day, restaurant by night conceptdishes here are prepared almost exclusively with produce grown on the island. And the propertys remote location makes it an ideal place to stargaze as well. Once the sun sets, the sky twinkles with a seemingly infinite number of heavenly lights. Heres everything you need to know about what it was like to stay at the Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island. Room types at Platte Island range from the one-bedroom Hawksbill Villa to the five-bedroom Eagle Ray Pool Villa, which packs a large private terrace. All units, however, have an extended wooden deck with swing sofas, private infinity pools, and an outdoor dining space. While guests can access the beach from the pool area by passing through a garden, the hotel made a deliberate choice to set the villas far from the shore to make them feel private and to minimize any disruptions to marine life, especially the tortoises, who like to nest under the big shade trees. As one would expect from a Waldorf Astoria property, the villa I stayed in during my visit was chic and pristinebut the real wow factor was its sheer size, which was only enhanced by the attached outdoor patio and garden. The rooms design seemed to draw inspiration from the island itself, and many of the furnishings feature the use of wood, shells, and even palm trees. For those who like to indulge, the in-room mini bar offers a diverse selection of beverages, including the Seychelles national spirit Takamaka rum. In the evenings, a warm bath decorated with beautiful pink flowers awaited me. Elias the general manager showed us the creative bath art that room service regularly prepares as a surprise for guests. While the rooms were stunning, it was the staffs impeccable service that made staying here so special. Felix StudiosCourtesy of Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island The resort offers top-notch dining across three restaurants. Theres La Perle, serving health-conscious breakfasts and Mediterranean-inspired dinner the laid-back Maison de Epices specializing in Creole-Latin fusion with dishes such as octopus salad and vibrant curries and Moulin, a soil-to-soul produce-forward eatery that offers cooking classes in the daytime. Moulin, with its rotating tasting menus dreamed up by Chef Gavi, was perhaps the standout dining destination for me. Creative dishes here include the grilled monkfish served with coconut broccoli dressing, beef with sweet potatoes, as well as the beetroot rose and mirepoix crumple. If youd like to see where your food comes from, guests can explore the on-island garden where the restaurants ingredients are sourced. As for drinks, theres no shortage of options. Torti is the resorts pool and beach bar, where diners can feast on bento boxes and sushi. Peacock Terrace, a coffee and tea bar, is inspired by the eponymous original location at the Waldorf Astoria New York. And for breathtaking sunset sea views, head to Lalin, where you can sip on craft cocktails and champagne. Active guests will find plenty to busy themselves with, including opportunities to fish, kayak, paddleboard, and even scuba dive. For those interested in taking it easy, there are also relaxing catamaran rides, guided wildlife reef walks, and tours of the tortoise sanctuaryyou can also learn to make Seychellois Creole during the daytime cooking classes at Maison des Epices. Other amenities include tennis and paddle ball courts surrounded by lush greenery, a well-equipped gym, sunset pilates and yoga, and personal fitness training opportunities. However, a simple stroll or bike ride is maybe the best way to get acquainted with the island. Upon check-in, every guest is given a bike with a personalized name tag, so peddling around the island is hassle-free. The spa wellness center, located next to the Moutya restaurant, has five treatment rooms with steam showers and baths. Guests can pick from options such as the Immune Healing Recovery Massage and an Ayur-Abhyanga therapy, which feature luxurious Seychellois and Voya Irish skincare products. Personalized wellness screenings are also available, which curate personalized treatment plans. Other spa features include a hammam-style steam room, a Himalayan pink salt sauna, pedicure and manicure services, a hair salon, and hydro and infinity pools with sea views. Platte Island is family-friendly. Children can enjoy the facilities at the hotels Kids Club, which has a large outdoor playground featuring a large play pirate ship. Inside, the Kids Club has Playstation games, a climbing wall, and regular arts and crafts sessions like coconut shell painting. You can find completed artworks by the mini-maestros displayed around the area. Thanks to a large, on-island solar farm, 95 percent of the resort is powered by sunlight. The property has adopted other environmentally friendly initiatives such as energy-efficient lighting and water recycling, too. Wildlife preservation is big on the island as well. The Island Conservation Society, which is dedicated to protecting and rehabilitating the unique ecosystems of the Seychelles, has an on-site base to ensure local preservation efforts are sufficient and consistent. The hotel is remote, but thats also one of its main selling points. Those coming have to catch a 25-minute flight from the Seychelles International Airport SZE on Mahéthere are two flights per day. Tickets cost 700 euros about 758 USD per person and 350 euros around 380 USD for children under 12. Interested in a more private experience? Waldorf Astoria can provide a private chartered flight for 5,000 euros about 5,418 USD. Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island is a Hilton property, so Hilton Honors members can earn double points for each night of their stay. If you book at least seven days in advance, you can get 17 percent off rates with the Hilton Honors Advance Purchase Discount. AARP and AAA members can get an added 10 percent discount as well. Waldorf Astoria Seychelles Platte Island is also a part of American Expresss Fine Hotels  Resorts programfrom now until Dec. 31, guests can get a complimentary fourth night by booking on the FHR platform.

Joyce LueTravel  Leisure In 2020, we at Travel  Leisure launched our very first podcast, Lets Go Together, a show highlighting the ways that travel changes how we see ourselves and the world. Now, were back with an all-new series that dives even deeper into what makes this planet such a spectacular place to explore the people in it. Toss on your headphones this spring and summer and listen to all 10 episodes of our new podcast, Lost Cultures Living Legacies. Hosted by Alisha Prakash, TLs associate editorial director, this podcast introduces listeners to Indigenous cultures that have shaped a few of our favorite destinations through their music, food, rituals, storytelling, and everything in between, providing them all with a platform they so rightly deserve. This season, well take you to New York City to dig deep into how the Lower East Side became the heartbeat of immigrant culture in the United States. Well also head south to Mexicos Yucatan Peninsula to learn more about the Maya and their many mysteries, along with how the community continues their cultural traditions today. Then, well make our way over to Japan to get to know the Ainu, Australia to visit the Aboriginal people, Scotland to discover the Picts, the South Pacific to hear from the Rapa Nui, and more. Throughout the season, Prakash asks, What can we learn about a place by delving into the people who once lived there? In what ways do cultures build upon each other as populations come and go? How do they complement each other, interact, and leave their marks on the people that come after them? And are cultures truly ever lost, even if the people move on? Nows your chance to hear the answer. But before the first episode is released on April 19, take a listen to the new trailer above. Listen on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Amazon Music, Google Podcasts, Stitcher, iHeartRadio, TuneIn, Overcast, and everywhere podcasts are available.

Uber riders in Austin can be paired up with a Waymo autonomous vehicle. Courtesy of Waymo Uber announced a partnership with autonomous driving company Waymo, allowing its riders to be matched up with a driverless vehicle in Austin. Uber users in the Texas city requesting an UberX, Uber Green, Uber Comfort, or Uber Comfort Electric, can opt in to be potentially matched with one of its electric Jaguar I-PACE vehicles, if available, at no additional cost. If one of the fleets is free, an option will pop up to accept the Waymo, or wait for a non-autonomous vehicle, so that antsy riders wont be forced into a car with an empty drivers seat. For those who do choose to go driverless, when the Waymo arrives, they will be able to unlock the vehicle, open the trunk, and begin the trip from the Uber app directly. Currently, Austin users can travel anywhere within the citys 37 square miles, including Hyde Park, Montopolis, and downtown. The program will eventually expand its coverage area. If any issues come up, 247 customer service is available, both inside the car and through the Uber app. Safety has long been at the forefront of the company, which reached the milestone of surpassing 25 million miles on the road last year and five million ridesfour million of those in 2024. Totaling one million hours on the road, the Mountain View, California-based company claims it has helped avoid more than six million kilograms of carbon dioxide emissions. Were reimagining how the world moves and building a future where autonomous vehicles and drivers work side by side to help make transportation more affordable, sustainable, and accessible for all, Uber said in a statement obtained by Travel  Leisure. For those who want a better chance of getting a Waymo robotaxi, Uber suggests going into the Ride Preference section and opting in through the settings there. While Austin was just announced, Uber and Waymo are already working on an expansion to Atlanta soon, as employees are currently testing the integrated program there. As of now, users in San Francisco, Phoenix, and Los Angeles still need the Waymo One app to hail these cars.

If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation. These will be the first things you pack for your next trip. Rylee Johnston is a Shopping Writer and reporter for Travel  Leisure with more than four years of digital media experience. She covers all things travel-related including luggage, packing supplies, and fashion essentials. Travel  Leisure Traveling can be a lot less stressful when you have the right travel essentials with you. Accessories like shoe bags and travel backpacks can help simplify packing your vacation outfits, while a pair of noise-cancelling headphones can keep you entertained on long flights. Thankfully, Amazons new releases store just dropped hundreds of fresh products, including genius travel gear that youll reach for on every trip. Instead of digging through pages of new drops for hours, check out our top 11 picks below to give your packing list a fresh upgrade. Anker has created a universal travel adapter  and its already a No. 1 new release on Amazon. The device features four different plug types A, I, G, and C that are compatible in Europe, the UK, Australia, Japan, and the US. Instead of buying a new adapter every time you travel, pack this lightweight model thats small enough to stow in your backpack or carry-on, so you can charge your devices practically anywhere. These earbuds come in a small, compact charging case you can throw into your purse  and still have ample space leftover. Reviewers love the wireless earbuds for their crisp and clear sound quality, as well as their comfortable fit that helps them stay secure during long hikes. One shopper confirmed that they cancel out all noise  bring it on crying baby. Carry-on only travelers can appreciate this travel backpack that was made with an extra-large main pocket to fit all your clothes and accessories. One Amazon shopper was able to pack a weeks worth of clothes for a trip to Europe and was still able to fit it in the overhead bin. Say bye bye to luggage fees. Amazon More than 9,000 pairs of these Soundcore headphones have been purchased this month  and we can see why. Theyre built with a noise cancellation feature that can detect and drown out even low and mid-level sounds like cars and airplane engines, so you can have an immersive listening experience no matter your mode of transportation. Plus, you can enjoy up to 60 hours of battery life on a full charge. This No. 1 new release for garment bags will come in handy for any destination weddings or work trips where you need to keep formal attire from wrinkling. The large interior pocket holds up to four garments, and the four mesh pockets included are perfect for holding shoes and accessories. It even includes a removable strap for easy carrying, or you can slide it onto the handle of your rolling luggage. These silicone holders include four different keyring attachments that you can clip onto your luggage, backpack, or purse instead of just throwing your Apple AirTag into a suitcase and having trouble finding it later. The material is also waterproof to protect your AirTags from rain or snow. You cant predict the weather on your vacations, which is why packing a smart, travel-friendly umbrella is essential. Unlike classic umbrellas, this style has an inverted design so that when you fold it down theres minimal splash back. The hem also has a reflective material for added safety when youre taking your nightly stroll. This set of travel bottles lets you transfer your favorite face wash, shampoo, and conditioner into travel-approved containers. The lids come with a triple-layer design to prevent leaks, and the included labels take the guesswork out of which bottle holds what product. Amazon Instead of carrying a backpack, travel with this laptop bag that features an elegant tote design with interior pockets to help organize your belongings. The padded laptop pocket can hold a 15-inch computer, plus the bag has room for a water bottle theres a pocket, your wallet, portable charger, and more. These shoe bags let you pack your sneakers, heels, and flip flops without worrying about mingling them with your underwear or getting your other clothes dirty. There are 22 bags included in the set, and each one is made from transparent material so you can quickly find the pair of shoes youre looking for without needing to open each bag. Finding a shady spot at the beach will be less of a hassle with this beach tent. Its big enough to fit up to three people and comes with two zip-up closures that let you choose how much sun you want to let in. Plus, the outer material is made with UPF 50 for added UV protection. Love a great deal? Sign up for our TL Recommends newsletter and well send you our favorite travel products each week.

Feel tiny under the big Texas sky, marvel at an annual bat migration, travel on horseback through a colorful canyon, and soak in sublime hot springs. Larger than any country in Western Europe, Texas sprawls across more than 268,000 square miles that touch Mexico, the Gulf of Mexico, and four U.S. states. The Lone Star State is so vast and diverse in its landscapes and cultures that it can feel like a wondrous country all its own. Wherever you land to kick off your family adventures herewhether an urban metropolis like Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, or Austin, or somewhere altogether more off the gridyou can expect a surprise and inspiration at every turn. Travel to Texas for desert landscapes covered in cacti, canyons striated with color, long stretches of golden beachfront, and freshwater springs that run gin-clear. Mexican and Hispanic culture influence art, music, and cuisine, and the states iconic cowboy culture, small-town hospitality, and international voices from around the globe are woven through the Texan fabric. Here are some of the best family adventures to consider when planning a multi-generational vacation in Texas. Related 10 best things to do in Texas. Your backyard telescope cant compare to seeing the heavens from this astronomical research center in the Davis Mountains of West Texas. The McDonald Observatory is affiliated with the University of Texas at Austin and is open to the public several days a week for visits. On clear days, you can see live views of sunspots and flares on the suns surface through a solar telescope in a theater setting and go on a guided tour of the research telescopes. Evening Star Party programs take place three nights a week Tuesday, Friday, and Saturday and come with the chance to peer at distant galaxies and planets through cutting-edge telescopes within the on-site Rebecca Gale Telescope Park. You and your family may never look at the night sky quite the same again. There are backyard treasure huntsand then there are ones where the items you and the kids are searching for date back many millions of years. Drive about 92 miles north of Dallas to Ladonia Fossil Park, where visitors will find a wooly mammoth, shark bones, and ancient ammonites from the Cretaceous Period between 145 and 65 million years ago. Park your car and follow a short path to access this area that was once part of the Western Interior Seaway, where spear tips and arrowheads used by the local Caddo Indians are often unearthed. After a heavy rain, visitors can sift through the gravel and mud for newly revealed fossils, exposed by erosion. Consider bringing a screwdriver to help loosen anything from the muck and shale. Theres no entry fee, and you can take anything you find with you as long as it isnt deemed to have scientific importance. Just 25 miles south of Amarillo, families can go horseback riding through Palo Duro Canyon State Park to witness 230 million years of geological layers. From March through November, Old West Stables, inside the park, leads groups out for hour-long tours into the rugged canyon. Tell the kids to keep their eye peeled for interesting fauna like wild turkeys, road runners, and non-native North African aoudad sheep introduced here in the 1950s. The Rio Grande River forms the southern boundary of Big Bend National Park from Mariscal Canyon to the Terrell-Val Verde Country line on the U.S. side. Youre in a stunning stretch of far west Texas here, home to picturesque landscapes where the river cuts through towering limestone canyons and the views stretch into Mexico. Get an amazing view of the Rio Grande River from on high when you take the family for a hike along the cliff tops of the easy, mile-long Hot Springs Historic Trail loop. Bring your bathing suits for a group soak in the parks Hot Springs Historic District, where you can bask in the balmy waters that bubble up at 105F 40C in the remains of a historic bathhouses foundations, located on the north banks of the Rio Grande River. Related Visiting Texas? Heres what the locals love. American paleontologist Roland T. Bird discovered the worlds first sauropod tracks in 1938an hours drive roughly 60 miles southwest of Fort Worth. The small-headed dinosaur with a very long neck was just one of the Cretaceous-period animals that once roamed the shallow seabed at the site of present-day Dinosaur Valley State Park. Your kids feet will be particularly dwarfed by some of the best-preserved dinosaur tracks found here, including those of theropods and Sauroposeidon protelesTexass official state dinosaur that towered up to 23 feet high. Because the tracks are located on the riverbed, water sometimes obscures them. Check the parks website before visiting for regular updates regarding which trails are open and if the tracks are visible. For beginners whove dreamed of hanging ten, you should consider letting a man and his best friend the surf dog, Astro show you the ropes along Texas Gulf Coast at the South Padre Surf Company. Get into the water with the family for lessons with experienced waterman and former Hawaiian lifeguard Gene Gore, who teaches year-round at Isla Blanca Beach, located on the southernmost tip of the island near the South Padre Jetties. Soft surfboards are also for rent for those who wish to paddle out on their own. But the chance to get private instruction from the wave-riding pup and Gorea surfboard designer who grew up riding waves on the beaches of Texasmakes for a particularly memorable session. Not all shows in the sky are celestial. Mexican free-tailed bats emerge en masse for a spectacle every evening from May to September at Bracken Cave Preserve on private land in the Texas Hill Country about 30 miles northeast of San Antonio. The cave houses the largest bat colony in the world, with some 15 million bats making it their summertime mating address. Baby bats are born inside Bracken Cave in June, with July and August considered the best months for seeing them emerge to put their wings to the test, hunting things like corn earworm moths. Reservations must be made in advance to visit, and you should plan to spend three hours on-site during the guided tours while waiting for the bats. The beginning of May to the end of August is the best time to escape the Texas heat with a float along the crystal-clear waters of the San Marcos River south of Austin, where the states best tube run awaits. The water bubbles up from some 200 artesian springs in nearby Spring Lake and stays a relatively brisk 72F 22C year-round. And its so clear that you can often spot sunfish and red-eared sliders passing beneath you. It takes about an hour to float down the river along its most popular public access route for tubing hop in City Park and exit the water at Rio Vista Park. Rent tubes from the San Marcos Lions Club Tube Rental and other local outfitters that provide a shuttle service that brings you back to the put-in point. For an otherworldly experience, head to East Texas within the cypress-lined and swampy wilderness of Caddo Lake. The 25,000-acre wetland wonderland straddles the border of the Lone Star State and neighboring Louisiana, about 170 miles east of Dallas, a 2.5-hour drive. A labyrinth of slow-moving bayous is the habitat for 70 species of fish largemouth bass, bluegill, catfish, and more, armadillos, white-tail deer, and one of the largest populations of alligators in Texas. Families should explore the terrain via pontoon boat swamp tours with Captain Rons Swamp Tours. Until the 19th century, the area was home to the Caddo Indians. The 90-minute cruises take up to nine people to journey deep into the wetlands to explore the history with informative and entertaining commentary from your captain. The Galveston Historical Foundation leads Historic Harbor Tour and Dolphin Watch cruises into Galveston Bay aboard the sightseeing vessel Seagull II to look for common bottlenose dolphins. Its the only species of cetacean native to the bays and estuaries of Texas. When conditions are calm, the boats top deck is the perfect perch for scouting for marine mammals and myriad seabirds during hour-long cruises. Tours leave from the Galveston Historic Seaport, where you can catch sight and even tour and play pirate of the 1877 tall ship Elissa, a square-rigged iron barque brought here from Greece for restoration. Texasthe second largest state in the U.S.sprawls across more than 268,000 square miles, connected by highways and backroads, particularly in and around the major metropolitan areas. Your best bet for seeing its vibrant cities and the hinterlands is to rent a car and set off on the ultimate Texas road trip. Hyatt Regency Lost Pines Resort  Spa Outside of Austin, this family resort on 405 acres along the Lower Colorado River offers guided stargazing and kayaking trips and has an on-site waterpark, lazy river, and resident alpacas. Cibolo Creek Ranch Settle in for a luxury ranch stay at this 33-room property on 30,000 acres in West Texas. Enjoy family activities like mountain biking excursions along abandoned mining trails in the Big Bend region, horseback riding, and open-air Humvee tours The Trueheart Hotel This Hill Country boutique hotel with just 13 rooms, suites, and cottages in the German-inflected town of Fredericksburg 80 miles west of Austin and 70 miles north of San Antonio has a creekside covered patio and a fire pit to gather around once your days adventures are done. The Woodlands Resort, Curio Collection by Hilton Just north of Houston on Lake Harrison, heres another sprawling family resort with heated pools, a lazy river, a 30-foot water slide, tennis courts, and 200 miles of hiking and biking trails. Related 10 family-friendly hotels in Texas, from El Paso to Galveston. Copyright  1996-2015 National Geographic SocietyCopyright  2015-2025 National Geographic Partners, LLC. All rights reserved

These traditional family recipes each tell a story about ancestral heritage. Heres how you can try each onefrom tortellini en brodo in Italy to jajangmyeon in South Korea. In National Geographics series No Taste Like Home with Antoni Porowski, six Hollywood stars follow the Queer Eye star on a journey through food and time as they travel through their ancestral homelands in search of family history. Starting with just one homemade family recipe, Porowski helps stars Awkwafina, Justin Theroux, Issa Rae, James Marsden, Florence Pugh, and Henry Golding connect with their pasts by eating foods that fed their ancestral lineages and exploring the places they once called home. Related Antoni Porowski wants you to learn about your ancestorsthrough their recipes. With its roots in Northern China, jajangmyeon is among Koreas most popular dishes, available at thousands of restaurants across the world alongside dozens of instant and frozen versions at grocery stores. The dish, recognizable by its signature glossy, midnight hue, is a variation of the Chinese dish zhajiangmian that migrant workers from Shandong brought to Korea in the late 19th century. Jajangmyeon is a rich yet hearty dish, typically made with wheat noodles, ground or diced meat andor seafood, vegetables like zucchini or cabbage, and aromatics including ginger and garlic, and chunjang, the sweet-savory caramelized black bean paste that gives the dish its distinctive black shade. The dish is so well-known and beloved that it plays a starring role in the unofficial Korean holiday, Black Day, on April 14, when single people celebrate or commiserate their singledom with friends over a bowl of jajangmyeon. Where to try it in Korea Almost anywhere. This dish is so ubiquitously known and loved that there are tens of thousands of places to find it in Seoul alone, but the Chinese restaurant Ehwawon 이화원 in Yeonhui-dong has been perfecting its silky version for three generations. Related Everything you need to know about bibimbap, Koreas famous rice dish. Traditionally found in cities like Bologna and Modena in Italys Emilia-Romagna region, tortellini en brodo is a regional specialty, highlighting the quality and history of its ingredients. This dish should not be confused with tortelli this dishs larger namesake, tortelloni also larger but with different fillings and preparation, or ravioli different shape, different fillings. Tortellini is pint-sized, barely an inch big, and folded into chubby rings stuffed with a mixture of meat, like prosciutto or mortadella, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and nutmeg. Once filled and folded, the tortellini is simmered in a golden broth made traditionally with capon, a castrated male chicken, or a mixture of chicken and beef bones and served to float in the savory soup. Where to try it in Italy Some of the best examples of regional cuisine, including tortellini en brodo, can be found at Trattoria di via Serra or AllOsteria Bottega in Bologna. Both restaurants are mentioned in the Michelin Guides Bologna Restaurants, with Trattoria di via Serra receiving a coveted Bib Gourmand award. Related Chef Angela Hartnetts guide to eating in Emilia-Romagna. This okra and seafood stew is one of Western Africas most popular dishes and is usually found in many of the countries along the Atlantic coast from Senegal to Guinea. Born from the regions rich fishing traditions, this stew uses a multitude of fish, fresh and dried shellfish, okra, peppers, and other aromatics simmered in candy-apple red palm oil. Once simmered and reduced, this thick stew is often served family-style over rice. Though this dish might be unfamiliar at first for many diners outside Africa and the African diasporas, youve likely eaten or heard of its later incarnation. If youve ever visited New Orleans or the Creole regions of the world, soupe kanja is the progenitor for one of this cuisines most iconic dishes gumbo. Where to try it in Senegal In Dakar, the family-owned Chez Loutcha is a popular and colorful local haunt that serves Senegalese staples alongside Cape Verdian and other menu items. Related Drumbeats and heartstrings tuning in to the rhythms of Senegal. Chicken with mushrooms and bamboo possibly gets its influence from multiple sources. The first, manuk pansuhor chicken cooked in a bamboo stalk with tapioca or cassava leavesis a staple of Sarawak cuisine and is often prepared during festivals by the Iban and the Bidayuh peoples. The meat is typically seasoned with aromatics like torch ginger, galangal, and lemongrass before being stuffed into the bamboo. The second influence comes by way of Malaysias significant Chinese population, which has existed across Malaysia and the Indonesian archipelago as early as the 13th century. Various versions of a dish featuring chicken with mushrooms and bamboo shoots can be found in both China and Malaysia and are made with ingredients that would be easy to source in the mountainous regions of both countries. Where to try it in Borneo Serving Sarawak cuisine for more than a decade, Lepau Restaurant in Kuching showcases dishes from numerous indigenous communities, including Iban, Kelabit, Ulu, Bidayuh, and beyond, offering diners a rich entry point into this regions most celebrated foods. Related We are what we eat Diving for dinner with the sea gypsies. Like many recipes from the 18th and 19th centuries, shepherds pie was a way for families with little money or access to expensive ingredients, like prime cuts of meat, to stretch what they had to feed the household. First referred to as cottage pie in the late 18th century, this dish has changed very little from its original recipe and still features many of the same ingredients. Ingredients for this British dish include ground beef or lambmutton a fairly accessible ingredient for the sheep farming region in this dishs early days and diced vegetables in a rich gravy. One of shepherds pies distinct identifiers is its pillowy mashed potato topping, which is spooned atop the hearty meat mixture and baked to crisp, golden brown perfection. Where to try it in the UK The Ivy restaurant has posted its iconic version of shepherds pie online for people who are unable to make the trip to the restaurant, located in London. Related Where you can find the best British pubs that serve food. This simple and beloved Southern American diner classic has changed very little from its European ancestors. Similar to Austrias wiener schnitzel, chicken-fried steak is just that, typically a thin cut of beef, often a tenderized cube steak, dredged in flour and eggs before frying. The breading and frying technique gives the dish its signature name, though technically, pan-frying instead of deep-frying would make this dish country-fried. German and Austrian immigrants who migrated to Texas in the 19th century and later became cattle farmers are believed to have brought chicken-fried steak to the United States. Its one of the tastes of home these communities carried with them to America, says rancher Jim Kearney. Food is the last thing to go, says Kearney. Thats what people hold onto as a symbol of their former life or wherever they came from. Where to try it in Texas Dallas original farm-to-table Celebration Restaurant has perfected its grass-fed, chicken-fried steak for more than 50 years. Make sure to order it with the house specialty spicy jalapeno gravy. Copyright  1996-2015 National Geographic SocietyCopyright  2015-2025 National Geographic Partners, LLC. All rights reserved

North AmericaChevron United StatesChevron New YorkChevron New YorkChevron To know The City like a local might still be the greatest badge of honor for travelers. But take a breath you wont be able to cover the countless museums, galleries, restaurants, watering holesand, yes, 1 pizza slicesall in one visit, but thats the good news. Now that the outer boroughs draw as much attention as Manhattan, it makes repeated trips not only possible, but essential. As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

North AmericaChevron MexicoChevron Mexico CityChevron This sprawling, complex, always changing megalopolis is a study in contrasts. From its epic street food to its chef-driven, pilgrimage-worthy restaurants, Mexico City is arguably the most exciting food city in the world. Its art scenefolk and cutting-edge contemporaryis equally dynamic. And its sophisticated hotels, grand public parks and boulevards, and chic shopping streets rival those of Europe. Theres no way you can see, taste, and do all youll want to in one visit. But dont worry, its a place that gets deep under your skin. Youll be back. As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

All products and listings featured on Condé Nast Traveler are independently selected by our editors. If you purchase something through our links, we may earn an affiliate commission. For 31 years the editors of Condé Nast Traveler have been compiling this annual compendium of hotels and cruises weve discovered, or fallen in love with all over again. We highlight them not only for their beauty, comfort, or impeccable service, but also because weve developed deeply emotional relationships with them These are the hotels and cruises we recommend to our friends, that we tell stories about later. Below are the best hotels and resorts in the US, Canada, and the Caribbean, according to our editors. See the full 2025 Gold List here. This gallery has been updated with new information since its original publish date. When the Ritz-Carlton flung open the doors of its new Manhattan flagship at West 28th Street and Broadway two years ago, the classic brand was making a bit of a daring declaration as to its direction. Moody and modish, the property is a far cry from the splendidly prim and proper Central Park location some 30 blocks north. Theres glass everywhere, for one thing, with the 50-story sleek slice of skyscraper designed in part to make the most of that killer locations downtown views and light. The sun-soaked interiors are dramatic and texturedconcierge desks in the grayscale lobby are made of almost zebra-print granite. A leafy, book-lined bar just off it leads to the excellent Spanish-Japanese fusion restaurant The Bazaar from José Andrés upstairs with its plush upholstery, coffee-and-plum palette, and scenery-chewing jamón Ibéerico centerpiece Andréss group also designed the complimentary menu in the very worth-it club level. Rooftop bar Nubeluz is a jewel-toned wonderland of wallpaper highlights include the pleated emerald fabric of the elevator vestibule and the feathered Schumacher number that hugs each booth. Wrapped from floor to ceiling in blond wood, my suite on the 36th floor, with its deep, deep sofa of chocolatey crushed velvet, offers grand views of Manhattan I could even see all the way down to the World Trade Center. All of this style would matter little, however, were the service anything less than superlative. It absolutely is. Despite bookings being full to the brim most nights, theres no indication that the staff have eyes for anybody but you from check-in to checkout. From 895. Charlie Hobbs To the naked eye, the five beautifully restored 1804 residences and carriage homes at the corner of George Street and East Bay constitute just another pretty block in Charleston warm brick, statuesque façades, breezy column-studded verandas, and flickering lanterns. But veteran hospitality duo Dean Porter Andrews and Lynn Easton knew better when they selected this spot to launch their bespoke brand of Lowcountry luxury in 2013. The hotels magic lies in the exclusivity and privacy of its interior a hidden labyrinth of meticulously manicured gardens, crushed oystershell pathways, and calming fountains connecting five distinct historic dwellings into a retreat guests love to call their home in the Holy City. From 349. Allston McCrady Stepping inside the Colony Hotel is like entering a scene from a storybook or a Wes Anderson film, a whimsical balance of the vintage and in vogue. Within its pink stucco walls, reality transforms into the glamorous yet laid-back Palm Beach of days gone by. Since Andrew and Sarah Wetenhall purchased the hotel in 2016, the guest rooms and villas have undergone a multiyear restoration, reviving the landmark institution while still maintaining its iconic tropical eclecticism. Located right between the beach and the shops of Worth Avenue, its the perfect home base for exploring the islandif you can ever pull yourself away from its fanciful charms. From 499. Hannah Towey It might seem like a miss to go to Santa Barbara and not stay close to the shore, but the moment you make the turn inland onto San Ysidro Road, you realize that being here isnt about visiting Santa Barbara its about visiting the ranch. Just 38 cottages, each with their own unique layout, decor, and view, are spread out over 550 acres, but rather than being scattered, they form a ring within the property. At the resorts center is a collection of gardens as well as a rectangular- pool that overlooks the canyon. Some of the curated finds youll see throughout are museum-quality art, antiques sourced from billionaire owner Ty Warners world travels, and handmade wallpapers even on the ceilings of the showers. But San Ysidro Ranch isnt your typical hotelas its history of having legendary guests like Jacqueline and John F. Kennedy, who honeymooned here, or John Huston, who finished writing the screenplay for The African Queen on the property, can attest. And the ranch continues its legacy as a celebrity refuge, as modern-day A-listers use this tucked-away spot to truly hide out and escapewhich is what you should do too. From 2,495. Samantha Brooks The stories are all truethe ones youve heard about the fleecy Italian truffle dogs, the perfect timber-frame barn imported from Pennsylvania, the well-groomed hiking trails and bridle paths that give you access to the quiet forests of the Great Smoky Mountains. The place is a bit of paradise in eastern Tennessee, full of little details that feel plucked from a storybook the dollhouse-like white church, the covered bridge, the generous cottages with porches ideal for putting your feet up while drinking a whiskey and snacking on pimento cheese. But what really takes Blackberry to the next level is the Southern hospitality. From the servers to the adventure guides, everyone brings their passion to work every day, and by the time you leave, youll find youre feeling pretty passionate too. From 1,145. Jesse Ashlock For anyone who has bemoaned the flattening of cultures everywhere, Fogo Island offers a beacon of hope. On this remote island off the coast of Newfoundland and Labrador thats slammed by wind and waves, cod-fishing communities hold on to their distinctive settler historyand accentsdespite mounting pressures. But a dwindling community, no matter how beautiful or historic, offers little financial value. Armed with this belief, local-born entrepreneur Zita Cobb dreamed up Fogo Island Inn as a community-owned hospitality business that could improve the islands economic resilience by plugging it into a wider world. Since it flung open its doors in 2013, those utopian founding principles have lured purpose-driven luxury travelers to the 29-room innas have its dramatic views, daily changing menus, and wilderness excursions featuring geological hikes and forest boil-ups a traditional meal warmed over a fire in the great outdoors. But its greatest distinction remains the islanders themselves, whose wellsprings of warmth define your stay. These boat builders, quilters, and storytellers welcome you into their sheds for singalongs and salted cod, allowing you to really understand this placeand how everything knits together. From 2,100. Arati Menon There are few resorts as suited to different types of travelers as this celebrated hotel on the Kona coast of the Big Island. Composed of low-slung Hawaiian-style buildings set into a series of crescents, each area has its own vibe and distinct clientele, from lively family-friendly sections to serene pockets ideal for honeymooners. Regardless of where you stay, however, youll be treated to postcard-perfect views of the Pacific Ocean, the propertys verdant golf course, and the sense that this place somehow exists in a permanent state of tranquility. New for this yearand not to missis chef Tyler Florences Miller  Lux steakhouse. From 1,200. Juliet Izon As a longtime Upper West Sider, Ive strolled through Central Park dozens of times that didnt make the sweeping views from the Premier Central Park View Suite any less awe-inspiring. The accommodations were just as spectacular, with a massive U-shaped couch, a fluffy king-size bed, and heavy blackout shades that close at the touch of a button. Because of its top-tier service, sumptuous amenities, and fantastic central location, the Mandarin Oriental is both an excellent special-occasion staycation for New Yorkers and a prime landing spot for out-of-towners seeking easy access to Broadway, Central and Bryant Parks, and Fifth Avenue. Guests have easy access to two Michelin-starred restaurants, Per Se and Masa a flex even by New York standards. From 800. Madison Flager The Post Ranch Inn is nothing so much as a total immersion in the singular landscape of Big Sur, in environs defined by a sense of understated luxury. The Ranchs 40 rooms have all been designed to both blend in with and have a light touch upon the land, and range from treehouses to clifftop suites with expansive views of the mountains to the east or, better yet, the oceans expanse to the west. Engage with the environment some more by exploring the propertys hiking trails, taking a tour of the chefs garden, or signing up for a falconry lesson. From 1,875. Lauren Sloss Grand, but not fussy. Of another era, but far from old-fashioned. The Woodstock Inn  Resort is the Goldilocks property thats managed to evolve with the times while maintaining its quintessential New England charm. Situated across from the town green, the Federal-style mansion feels like a Norman Rockwell reverie. Inside, the cozy lobby serves as a communal living room where guests read newspapers. Outside, families toast smores around fire pits and play lawn games. Regular updates to the 200-plus-year-old hotel, including a glow-up of all 142 rooms and the addition of a Scandi-chic spa, ensure that loyal East Coasters keep returning for generations. From 299. Jen Murphy When my mother and I first moved from the Philippines to the United States in 2003, we came to settle in Las Vegas. Among the entertainment capitals flashy and over-the-top hotel offerings, my motherand her preference for refined elegancemost often led us to the Wynn, which opened in 2005 as, in my childhood memory, the first nonthemed resort on the iconic Strip, where facsimiles of Venice, Paris, and Caesars Rome dominated the landscape. At the roughly 4,700-key property which includes the original building and its sibling, the Encore, added in 2008, the theme, if I must name one, seemed to be luxury itself. To return to it now, as it gears up for its 20th anniversary in 2025, feels like a homecoming Its casinos, high-end shops, and myriad dining and drinking outlets 29 of them, not including the three nightclubs are better than ever, entertaining guests whod rather indulge in high thread counts than daysor nightsof Sin City debauchery. As such, the rooms have gotten a significant upgrade in the last few years. My Tower Suite on the 40-something-th floor was tastefully designed, recently renovated in 2022, dressed in warm neutral tones, and equipped with easy-to-use tech like window shades that can open at a specified time and bring in the desert sun as I rose in the morning. The drapery, the bed, the small section of carpet in the bathroomthey all offer the body a rest after a day of taking in the sensory explosion that is the city far below. This place is in a league of its own, unbothered by the gimmicks and stunts of its peers. It is not without its light shows this is still Vegas, after all, but sheer quality was, is, and always will be the Wynns calling card. From 426. Matt Ortile Luxury can mean different things to different people. For me its about privacy, freedom, and an exquisite sense of space, combined with subtle hospitality that makes you feel effortlessly at home. Jade Mountain embodies this and more. Perched high on St. Lucias rugged cliffs, this architectural marvel, crafted from local stone and rough concrete, rises organically from the lush forest. Designed by Canadian architect Nick Troubetzkoy, Jade Mountain frames the breathtaking views of the Pitons from each of its 24 open-air residences known as sanctuaries. The pinnacle of luxury, Galaxy Sanctuary JE1, features uninterrupted 270-degree views and a 900-square-foot infinity pool with jewel-toned tiles. Here serenity reigns supreme. From 1,530. Karin Mueller Images of the Rockhouses thatch-roof stone villas and bright red ladders dropping into the sea have come to represent a certain brand of Jamaican cool. The property, currently celebrating its 50th anniversary, isnt shy about honoring its place in pop culture history Bob Marley and the Rolling Stones once jumped off its iconic cliffs, and reggae and dancehall ephemera line the walls. Rooms are simple but still retain an essence of the sleepy 1970s Negril that originally defined the property Four-poster beds are draped with mosquito nets and decorated with locally sourced quilts in the villa rooms, palm-fringed outdoor showers mean morning routines are accompanied by birdsong and the cool, simple stone floors keep you feeling in tune with island life. Meanwhile, food here is a primer in Jamaican classics, especially at jerk spot Pushcart, where DJs take over the sound systems for regular dance parties. The Rockhouse crowd knows how to have a good time. From 175. Lale Arikoglu There are Caribbean beach resorts, and then there is Little Dix Bay, which was completely rebuilt after being decimated by hurricanes in 2017, and this year, celebrating its 60th anniversary feels more significant than ever. Its undoubtedly got the bells and whistlesa truly transcendent spa, one of the best rum collections in the Caribbean, enviable rooms, and so forthbut what sets Little Dix Bay apart is its staff, some of whom have worked here for over 30 years. Its the kind of place where guests at checkout will turn to their butler and ask, Same time next year? From 1,095. Todd Plummer Recommended As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

All products and listings featured on Condé Nast Traveler are independently selected by our editors. If you purchase something through our links, we may earn an affiliate commission. For 31 years the editors of Condé Nast Traveler have been compiling this annual compendium of hotels and cruises weve discovered, or fallen in love with all over again. We highlight them not only for their beauty, comfort, or impeccable service, but also because weve developed deeply emotional relationships with them These are the hotels and cruises we recommend to our friends, that we tell stories about later. And this year, for the first time, were telling those same stories in video form, too. Below are the best cruises in the world, according to our editors. View the entire 2025 Gold List here. This gallery has been updated with new information since its original publish date. In the morning we plunge into the 60-degree sea to snorkel with penguins. In the afternoon we scramble up cliffs and watch albatross chicks stretch their wings into the wind. In the evening we take a culinary tour through Ecuador and Peru during our family-style dinner on the aft deck. Such is a day on Aqua Mare in the Galapágos. With seven suites for just 16 guests, Aqua Mare isnt your typical Galápagos cruise ship but a true superyachtone that you can book by the cabin rather than charter. Built in 1998 by CRN Yachts and designed by Francois Zuretti, and refurbished in 2021, Aqua Mare has all the Italian-inspired glitz and glam youd expect from that partnership, including glossy walnut-veneer walls and Carrara-marble tables and bath. As much as I enjoyed the sun deck with its whirlpool and the beach club with its swim platform, the experience is all about the Galápagos. With two local guides for 16 guests, it feels as if youre seeing the archipelago on a private tour. And thats what Aqua Mare is all about. Seven-day sailings from 10,920 per person. Stefanie Waldek Standing on the literal edge, I take in the ever-changing colors of the Caribbean from the Magic Carpet, a cantilevered platform dangling like a necklace pendant off the ships side. It moves like an elevator, maximizing the views as you clink glasses of sun-soaked Veuve Clicquot. Although, these days, the Celebrity Edge has swapped Mediterranean and Caribbean island-hopping scenery for summertime glacier spotting in Alaska and Aussie coastal landmarks in northern winter. The vessels first-of-its-kind Infinite Verandas, found in the Edge Staterooms, are tailor-made for Alaskan voyages, during which brisk temperatures might send you scurrying inside. One touch of a button, and my electronic glass panel slides closed, transforming balcony back into stateroom while satisfying comfort and Instagram simultaneously. Come sunset, Eden restaurant calls like a siren with its curvaceous sculptures guiding you into a sexy Patricia Urquioladesigned greenhouse lounge. Live music and hypnotic cocktail menus send fellow sailors to the dance floor by round two. Not the party type, I turn the corner for the water-facing swing chairs, suspended from the ceiling by a chain, to get lost in the magic of being at sea. The beauty of Celebrity Edge is its design-forward edginess. Instead of deciding which amusement park ride or superlative-inducing waterslide to wait in line for, my decisions are simpler fresh oysters, Greek kebabs, or sushi? The right answer is all three. Eleven-night sailings from 1,589 per person. Ramsey Qubein Fresh off a down-to-the-steel refurbishment, Crystal Symphony returns with luxe touches everywhere plush carpets, polished stonework, and fascinating art. And no two spaces on the ship give off the same vibe. In the tony Connoisseur Club, while sunk into a tufted leather banquette, you might savor a limited-run Irish whiskey. Or in the sunlight-flooded Palm Court, you can luxuriate on an oversized lounger, with afternoon-tea views over the bow. Indulgent comforts dont stop at public spaces. Sapphire Veranda Suites have walk-in closets and marble showers so spacious you could almost host a cocktail party in them. Butlers are on hand to memorize preferences order that iced Americano just once, and its at the door on a silver tray at the same time each morning. But the best part is the spacemore of it than virtually any ship afloat, making a fully booked sailing feel like its all to yourself. Seven-day sailings from 4,300 per person. Scott Laird While you may think of families when you think of Disney Cruise Line, the Disney Wish is ideal for Disney-loving adults who may or may not be cruising with youngsters. The glittering 4,000-passenger ship highlights Disney royalty around every corner, and once you step on board, you feel like the king or queen of the ship too. Luxe adult-only spaces are found all around the vessel, from wake-facing infinity pools in the Quiet Cove to the signature extra-charge restaurant, Enchante, with a menu by chef Arnaud Lallement of the three-Michelin-starred LAssiette Champenoise. Alternatively, head to the included rotational dining restaurant, 1923, for a steakhouse-caliber meal without the extra charge. Sip on a nightcap at the Cinderella-themed Nightingales piano bar, where whimsical cocktails inspired by bubbles are servedwe love the Chocolate Frozen Bubbles, a decadent mix of Baileys Salted Caramel, Absolut Vanilia, and chocolate, served in a hollow ice sphere that you get to break open with a tiny metal hammer. Between the adult escapes, go to the Walt Disney Theater for a Broadway-style retelling of the Disney animated classic The Little Mermaid, play the interactive Disney Uncharted Adventure game, or even head to the kids club during open house hours to virtually build and ride your own roller coaster in the Walt Disney Imagineering Lab, and view once-a-cruise fireworks at sea. And besides all of this, at any moment during the voyage, you may find yourself face-to-face with Mickey Mouse himself. Four-night sailings from 2,018 per person. Megan duBois With its Italian marble interiors, high-end art collection, and crystal art installations, stepping onto Explora 1 feels more like checking in to a luxury hotel than boarding a cruise. This is a ship that gets the details right. Even my entry-level Ocean Terrace suite had a Dyson Supersonic hair dryer and a pair of binoculars. At 377 square feet, these suites are huge by cruise standardslike perfectly designed studio apartments with private balconies, glamorous dressing areas, and heated bathroom floors. I spent just a few nights on Explora 1 though it was too cold and windy to take full advantage of the pools, sun decks, and outdoor Technogym equipment, I enjoyed my time on the spa, at the gym, and eating and drinking my way across the ship. Im still daydreaming about the pistachio gelato and the best veggie burger Ive ever had. Seven-night sailings from 3,225 per person. Meena Thiruvengadam Theres no shortage of napping spots on board this striking expedition ship with space for just 48 guests. Whether in comfy beds in the oversized staterooms, open-air hammocks, or plush daybeds topside, snoozes are well deserved during these exploration-packed Galápagos voyages. Its possible to swim with seals and sea lions in the mornings. They may even try to blow bubbles or mimic snorkelers movements. Or you might spot blue-footed boobies, iguanas, or sea lions from a bobbing Zodiac. Perhaps doing yoga on a beach at sunrise alongside whatever wildlife might curiously spectate is more your speed. Between naps, guests can feast on Ecuadorian cuisine the golden roast suckling pig under the stars is a favorite or chat with an onboard naturalist at the bar while the mixologist tops their newly invented tipple with a citrus slice theyve dehydrated while you were saluting the sun on the beach that morning. Seven-day sailings from 6,864 per person. Scott Laird Never mind the go-kart tracks, escape rooms, and Broadway shows, Norwegian Vivas specialty comes from family memories made sailing the Mediterranean and sometimes the Caribbean. Its the perfect multigenerational experience, a one-size-fits-all approach for every interest and appetite. From unending hospitality in The Haven, a butler-attended space for suite guests where staff remembered special preferences there were 20 of us, ages 1 to 75, to soaking in one of the infinity plunge pools perched on the ships edge, the journey was as impressive as the destinations. Rocketing down the tidal wave waterslide and splashing in the aqua park, my young nieces and nephews squealed with delight. Similar thrills were had ordering endless plates of dosas, made-to-order tacos, and ramen bowls in the food hall. But cruising is not always about onboard game shows yes, you can win real cash or virtual reality arcades. Youll find all of that here, but reconnecting with loved ones in new places was the best takeaway, and this spectacular ship did not disappoint. Seven-day sailings from 1,043 per person. Ramsey Qubein Quiet luxury rules onboard Oceania Cruisess Riviera, where hues like sand, charcoal, and auburn predominate. After a 2022 makeover the 1,250-passenger ship feels sleeker and richer, with redone staterooms going big on marble baths. The Riviera is now sexier too, notably in Martinis Bar sip Flirtinis sparkling wine, Cointreau, and Absolut Raspberry on tufted couches amid black, silver, and gold décor. Among eight complimentary restaurants, discover Red Gingers perennial fave banana-leaf-wrapped miso-glazed sea bass. Rivieras lavish afternoon tea with a classical string quartet tempts daily at 4 p.m. Find your inner Frida Kahlo at Artist Loft, where free workshops led by notable artists in residence abound. Distinguished chef Stephanie Hersch, formerly Julia Childs executive assistant, runs the Culinary Center. If booking a Concierge-level veranda stateroom or above, access to the surprisingly underused Aquamar Spa Terrace, with a big outdoor Jacuzzi and sun-protected loungers, is yours. Seven-day sailings from 2,470 per person. Janice Wald Henderson Seven Seas Grandeur is the epitome of luxury small-ship sailing, complete with exceptional service and an awe-inspiring art collection. The new, all-inclusive 746-passenger ship has 373 all-veranda suites that start at a spacious 307 square feet and have beautiful marble bathrooms. Boasting Picasso and Miro paintings, as well as the only Fabergé egg permanently on display at sea, the vessel is a veritable floating art museum. Adventurous foodies will want to make reservations at Pacific Rim, a Pan-Asian restaurant where fresh sushi, traditional dim sum, and golden-fried Canadian lobster tempura grace the menu. Alternatively, the bejeweled Compass Rose dining room features a unique create-your-own entrée concept so diners can eat exactly what they wish each evening, even down to the sauces. Outside, on the upper deck, the putting green is inspired by famous golf holes, including the 17th hole island green at TPC Sawgrass in Ponte Vedra, Florida. The crew takes time to get to know each guest and anticipate their needs, so before you know it, your preferred coffee or Champagne is waiting at your favorite chair on the pool deck, and most cruisers wouldnt want it any other way. Seven-day sailings from 4,299 per person. Megan duBois The ships resistance pool is the perfect place to refresh yourself and reflect upon days spent touring floating markets and ancient ruins, or going on destination-immersive excursions like helping local schoolchildren practice English with fellow guests. Aboard Scenic Spirits flagship Mekong River cruise, guests enjoy upscale hospitality in an unsuspecting place. Where else would a 50 massage be on the same daily program as a visit to pay alms to young monks at a Buddhist temple? Free-flowing drinks, complimentary tours, and extravagant multicourse meals aside, this educational journeyand the people and places I sawleft me feeling fulfilled mentally and spiritually. Watching local kids gleefully bounce on the ropes that tied our all-suite vessel to shore and waving at farmers as they walked their cattle to work filled the gaps between local dance performances, educational talks, and cocktail hours onboard. Perhaps the best souvenir, though, is a newfound gratitude and empathy I gained from experiencing this life-changing itinerary. Nine-night sailings from 7,075 per person. Ramsey Qubein I never dreamed Id spend days in a Zodiac counting man-eating crocodiles or sipping Champagne under giant twin waterfalls that tumble over multimillion-year-old rocks. Sailing the Kimberleythe wildly remote northernmost Western Australia regionis an adrenaline-charged cruise celebrating prehistoric vistas and Australian First Nations culture. The contrast of time-travel Zodiac adventures to shipboard modernistic poshness electrifies all senses. Such sailings on this ultra-luxury expedition ship run May through August in 2025 and 2026, after which the 264-passenger vessel veers toward Antarctica. Consider Seabourn Pursuit an ode to extravagance. Cruisers can nibble complimentary Regiis Ova caviar and sip Champagne Montaudon anytime, anywhere on the ship. Indulge in the buzzy Constellation Lounge predinner with new friends passengers are so friendly, or while ogling Kimberley sunsets so orangey-red they set the sky aflame. View these dusk thrillers in the Sky Baradjacent whirlpools, dirty martini in hand. Youll fall in love with the ship even more when you have flat whites in Seabourn Square, nightly soufflés in the restaurant, and any wine pairing dinner. 10- and 11-day sailings from 11,825 per person. Janice Wald Henderson I confess, after sailing all 12 Silversea ships, Silver Dawn stole my heart. Its Otium spa is the brands largest and most opulent A Golden Radiance facial stars real gold leaf, and a massage is a daze-inducing 100 minutes. Post-treatment, awaiting en suite is a bath, drawn by white-gloved butler, and perhaps truffled popcorn find the Otium suite service menu atop the bar. Props to the wonderfully whimsical and spacious Arts Café its tiny on newer ships, which has scrumptious drinks and bites morning to late night. Its oceanfront terrace is the ultimate hideaway. If Silver Note supper club is booked, relish the jazz duo at the bar. La Dames cuisine and service vibe is like a one-Michelin-star Parisian restaurant, and worth the bucks. Request Bulgari toiletries and Calvisius caviar, as both are quietly complimentary in all 298 suites. Find camaraderie at the Pool Bar, the Dolce Vita lounge, or the SALT Bar and Lab, where cocktails and culinary workshops deliciously reflect the cruise itinerary, be it Asia, South America, or Europe. Seven-day sailings from 4,600 per person. Janice Wald Henderson Dressing myself for dinner, Im enveloped by Fortuny fabrics. Well, my cabin is, anyway. The ceiling, the walls, the headboard, the doorspractically all surfaces are upholstered in custom Fortuny, manufactured just across the Giudecca Canal in the factory I can see out my window. I lament the fact I dont have a 1930s-style gown to match the Venetian decor here, but the ship has enough style for the both of us. I stroll through the lobby, past black-and-gold palm-fringed walls and beneath a Murano chandelier, and make my way to the lounge for aperitivo, sinking into a blue velvet armchair with a spritz. Another perfect start to the evening on S.S. La Venezia. Tonight, after a farm-to-table Italian dinner in the restaurant, we have a treat in store a private after-hours tour of Saint Marks Basilica. The quiet patter of our shoes on the marble floor echoes throughout the empty nave as we enter in the dark. Illuminated one by one, the lights reveal the dazzling gold mosaics in the dome above us, and I gasp at the sight. Now, this is how you do Venice. Seven-day sailings from 3,699 per person. Stefanie Waldek The experience of visiting Antarctica is so remarkable that most get to do it only oncemaking your selection of vessel a precious one. Aboard the sleek Viking Octantis, the goal is to get you as close to the continents most striking landscapes as possible, without the discomfort one might assume is standard for traversing this unforgiving destination. Every one of the 189 Nordic-style staterooms from which you can see the icy, sapphire waters outsidebroken, perhaps, by the arch of a humpback whale or the speedy porpoising of gentoo penguins. Youre just as likely to score orca sightings from the open-air Norwegian badestamp in the spa or from plush armchairs facing floor-to-ceiling windows in the expansive library, where bartenders keep Irish coffees and crisp Sancerres coming, and lauded naturalists and an on-ship wildlife photographer are almost always within earshot for questionsand answers. Its not easy for a cruise ship to compete with Antarcticas scenery, but the Viking Octantis puts up a fair fight Time on board is not time wasted. 13-day sailings from 12,995 per person. Megan Spurrell As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

All products featured on Condé Nast Traveler are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. While winter days at home may mean cozying up by the fireplace or under the covers in your comfiest pair of sweats, winter vacations will likely make you more inclined to spend time outdoors. Whether that means whipping down ski slopes, sitting under a heat lamp at après ski, or walking around a new town square, youll need some high-quality gear and extra-warm clothing to keep you comfy and protected. Below weve rounded up the best winter gear and cold-weather clothing for most every situation travelers will face this season, from thermal leggings for outdoor runs and insulated boots for hiking to camping supplies for even the most inexperienced outdoorsman. We also made sure to include winter basics you can wear on every type of adventurelike packable puffers, cozy sweaters, and lightweight beanies. With the right layers, a winter spent outdoors seems a little less daunting. Read on for our very best winter essentials to pack this season. The tricky thing about packing for cold-weather trips is that the items youre bringing tend to be bulky and quite heavy. Our best tip for packing thick sweaters and jackets compression packing cubes. These bad boys help you save room in your suitcase, pack more, and stay organized. And because every bit of space counts, make sure your personal item or carry-on, if youre checking a bag gives you extra room for gear, accessories, or another pair of shoes. Roomy duffels like the Calpak Luka and Arlo Skyes Weekender have dedicated shoe compartments, enough space for an extra outfit or two, and a luggage sleeve. Starting off with the ultimate basic for every cold-weather adventure a cozy sweater. Materials like cashmere and merino wool will keep you warm and last over time, even after lots of wear. These picks from Banana Republic, Naadam, Jenni Kayne, and Quince are the foundation of almost every winter trip outfit. More than a dozen Condé Nast Traveler editors put some of the most popular winter leggings on the market to the test to determine which are actually worth it. Our selections, including these two thermal and fleece-lined leggings, lock in extra heat and keep you nice and toasty, whether youre running outdoors or lounging on the couch. When cold weather hits, you need outerwear that will stand up to chilly temperatures. The best winter coats are windproof, well insulated, and have enough room to fit a sweatshirt or other layers underneath. Here are a few of our favorites that deliver on performance and style, keeping you warm whether youre headed to a snowy mountain lodge, a rainy metropolis, or a windy desert. The best winter coats for men trap in plenty of heat and are made to last, holding up well against rain, snow, and extreme wind. We turn to trusted brands like Canada Goose, The North Face, L.L.Bean, and Uniqlo for warm puffer coats come winter. Theres much to be said for a packable jacket thatll keep you warm and dry, without the bulk. To make bringing them along on your next trip even easier, these ones pack down into their own pockets. Layer heavier coats on top or wear them on their own on slightly warmer days. We love how lightweight and cozy fleece is, making it a great material for outerwear. These fleece jackets and half-zip sweatshirts are easy to pair with heavier coats and long-sleeve shirts underneath. Thanks to their sleeveless design and ability to be layered under coats or worn as your only piece of outerwear when temperatures allow, its no surprise that vests are among the most versatile of wardrobe staples. And if youre planning to run outdoors this season, consider investing in a warm running vest from Lululemon or Arcteryx. From formal gowns to velvet maxi dresses, the best winter wedding guest dresses will keep you comfortable throughout the ceremony, reception, and after-party. Weve rounded up our favorite styles that work for almost every type of wedding this season. When looking for winter boots, you want to make sure to find a shoe that is waterproof and well insulated with good tread. A rubber sole is great for traction and will keep your feet warm and dry in even the harshest of conditions. We especially recommend these cozy options from Ugg, Bogs, and Sorel. When it comes time to stock up on new footwear to brave the elements this season, youve got to hedge your bets between looks that can get you through the day and night with pieces that are actually winter-proof and can keep you upright while hoisting your luggage into the back of a taxi or hurdling over snow banks to reach the Paris Metro in time. These durable, waterproof options from Sorel and Timberland are both safe bets. Insulated hiking boots with nonslip soles are key to staying warm and dryand to avoid sliding on the ice. While a good pair of lined hiking boots can be a bit of a splurge, these practical boots are meant to last years. Along with warm clothing staples, youll also want some accessories to keep the winter chill at bay. The best beanies are lightweight and easy to pack, keep your head and ears warm, and add an effortlessly cool touch to any look. A few favorites of ours come from Carharrt, The North Face, Athleta, and Patagonia. With a super soft, oversized wrap, not only will you feel like a little chicer as you stroll through the airport, youll be toasty for the duration of the flight, and might just get some shut-eye. From cashmere scarves to chunky knit wraps, these blanket scarves are worth adding to your travel uniform. We also included a few classic scarves from Uniqlo and Alo Yoga that are great for city sightseeing and walking tours. A trusty pair of gloves is essential for every winter situation outdoors, whether thats strolling through the city, a weekend spent camping, or hopping on the subway. These fitted pairs below will keep your hands nice and warm for hours. And if you still want to be able to text on the go, snag the Funky Junque mittens that feature an opening for your fingers to pop out without taking the gloves offI highly recommend these for anyone whos been burned by so-called touchscreen gloves. A good pair of socks can make or break your comfort level. Wear a pair of wool socks under boots to keep toes toasty while out and about. For afternoons spent indoors, pad around in a pair of Brother Velliess cozy Cloud socks. For those planning to ski this year, here are the clothes, shoes, and winter gear accessories to consider adding to your packing list. In short, dont forget hand warmers. A high-quality pair of goggles is essential for your next ski or snowboarding trip. Not only do they protect your eyes, but they also add to your look. Consider these options from Valon, Dragon Alliance, Smith, and Burton. Winter fashion can be tricky. Theres been something of a ski sweater renaissance of late, though, as brands start to rediscover the natural look and feel of knitwear. Take a look around and youll find heritage-style knits that feel like a step back in history, as well as more contemporary styles that work just as well on the Matterhorn as they do in Manhattan. Those living in cities with freezing temperatures are looking to ski suits as an all-in-one winter outfit thatll make afternoons outdoors more enjoyable, whether on the slopes or sipping hot toddies on sidewalks. Ski pants keep you warm and shield you from the elements, meaning investing in a good pair is a must. These pairs from The North Face and Arcteryx offer protection, comfort, and warmth for a full day on the slopes. From power stations and portable stoves to popular Stanley mugs, weve got you covered for your next camping trip, even if youre a true beginner. This article has been updated with new information since its original publish date. Want to be the first to know? Sign up to our newsletters for travel inspiration and tips 53 Best Travel Gifts for Every Globetrotter on Your List The Best Small Purses for Hands-Free Travel Days The Best Winter Wedding Guest Dresses for Cold-Weather Destinations The 31 Best Walking Shoes for Long Travel Days As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

